But uh for those who don't know, my name
is Danny uh O'Kudanani. So, I uh studied
physics and computer science at
Georgetown University. Uh may not be the
uh brightest classroom student, but I'm
definitely probably one of the more
sharper ones when it comes to uh
hands-on research.
Uh about 2 years ago, maybe 3, I don't
remember, I got bored and I wanted to
apply some of my CAT skills to
replicating uh some of Schauberger's
work. I have always respected Viktor
Schauberger. I've actually been
following with a lot of this stuff since
I was in high school. So, you know, I'm
like crustacean of the internet. So,
whatever I can find, I just go and I
consume naturally. And it just so
happened that uh you know, when I was
looking at my old stuff that I've
scrapped up, I had enough like images
that I could conceive of how I might
design certain parts. Now, an argument
I'm going to make towards the end of
this presentation is that all of the
repulsines that we've ever seen today
that have been documented in terms of
pictures are most likely they most
likely never flew. They were probably
some sort of prototype or prototypes
which were intended to demonstrate
fundamental principles like Schauberger
principles which could be used for a
repulsine which actually did fly. Now,
I'm also making the argument that there
are there's probably there's more than
enough evidence and eyewitness accounts
that there was a repulsine which did
fly. And without going into all of the
nitty-gritty technical details and
making a pure and hard science of it,
just like a like
workable science.
Uh we're going to go into maybe how that
repulsine would have worked and then
some adjacent things as well.
Um he also had a submarine that has some
good attributes. You'll see things like
a common thread like the diaphragm. So,
without further ado, let's get into
this. So, here we are. And uh so, the
road map today is going to be
backgrounder intro. Uh you know, I like
science. So, I'm going to spend a bit of
time kind of clarifying well, what
science is within the, you know, world
of, well, just in terms of
science general, and then we're going to
dive into who Viktor Schauberger is,
because there's often a lot of
misunderstanding with the stuff that
Schauberger has done. He's often labeled
as a pseudo-scientist, and I find that a
lot of people don't even know what that
means. It's kind of thrown around like
the word conspiracy. And that doesn't
work against that doesn't work to
scientific progress. And I'm all about
people going out there and doing
scientific research. I love scientific
research, or loved. Still trying to keep
that love even though it's been pretty
hard hard to do with the mainstream.
So, that'll be part one. Then part two
we'll talk about what is implosion.
Implosion is is is key in describing any
of the systems that I generally do
research on. So, if you talk to any
normal physicist or engineer,
most of the time if you're ever going to
try to talk about a system which is not
like spitting something out, they're
going to say it violates Newton's laws
in some ways, unless you're articulating
unless you're using a provision, a
working provision that comes from a
technical framework that, you know,
mitigates this or like incorporates
Newton in some sort of way with like
more modern physics. And the reason for
that is because physicists and any kind
of operational engineering works from
the principles of explosion. Implosion
hasn't really been well known, and if
you start describing implosion, it often
sounds like bootstrapping, and it's very
distinct and very different. Implosion
as a science is you can make you can
work with it operatively generally. I
use a very distinct formalism of Mach. I
didn't even know I was dealing with
implosion when I first started this
field, but Viktor Schauberger is
basically the grandfather or the father
of implosion technology. His mind is
incredible.
Working with Schauberger is like talking
about Carl Jung. His work is voluminous
and uses very distinct language. And so,
it's very easy to say Schauberger is
kind of an esoteric, you know, person
making up his own cocktail of things,
but he wasn't a technically trained
scientific person. So, he's not going to
go and invoke something like, you know,
Archimedes principle or Bernoulli's
effect. And so, that's important.
So, moving on, part three will be the
working science. So, there is a working
science and I have generalized a few
things, but I'm not going to have time
to go into all of those things I've
generalized today, especially in terms
of the math,
how I don't like the math, but it's
helpful for those who want to go and
apply certain principles.
I'll go over three important things
within the working science. So,
basically, we're going to talk about the
PKS method. I'm not going to explain how
it all works, but this is the approach
that was refined by Victor Schauberger's
son, Walter. And then we'll go into
Mach's principle because the way that we
can justify implosive systems, or at
least the way that I've been doing so
from the provisions of just normal
science without trying to invoke
anything new, is by using Mach's
principle and a really unique, distinct,
incorporate I mean, distinct
articulation of Mach's principle. And
then we talk about the fluid dynamics
and we don't get into too much of the
nitty-gritty because it can really get
messy. Anybody who is an actual expert
on fluid dynamics understands that hate
the math. It's a headache. But to
describe what are going on, I mean,
these are technically fluid mechanical
systems. So, by necessity, they
necessitate something called kind of
putting myself in a circle there,
something called solitons. And solitons
are just basically the these
wave packets that travel at a constant
velocity. And they're mechanical when
they were first discovered and or at
least articulated in the 1800s. But when
we're talking about them in terms of
Schauberger's work, and actually in any
work, when you're going to find with
like implosion, we're also going to need
to touch on Helmholtz's theorems, which
is also often overlooked. A lot of these
things are used for very like
nuanced things in like physics and other
engineering, but their principles of
operation actually do scale quite large
and apply especially within enclosure.
And finally, we'll look at Bernoulli's
principle because for the repulsor
propulsion to work in principle, it was
operating within a media.
So, there is no such thing as a
perfectly closed system, at least if
we're dealing in the universe, right? Uh
and that's actually one of the
formalizations in Mach is that well, if
you assume the entire universe is
closed, then the subsystems within it
are basically like open when you're
dealing with things and exchanging with
mass and so,
um Bernoulli's principle is important
because it's just talking about what
happens when we change the surface area
of something that's flowing inside of
it. And uh there are different ways to
demonstrate it. All these like loop
together to try and make a working
argument of how the repulsor might have
worked if it did. Okay, and then we talk
about the actual repulsor and I just
throw in a few slides of what I did. And
then finally, we get into my own work.
So, enough yammering, let's just go
right into the uh slides, shall we? So,
who is Victor Schauberger? Didn't
preface this, but I am both millennial
and zoomer. And so, whenever you find my
slides, you're always going to find a
bit of meme culture in it. I can throw
that in wherever I can. I like to do
that. And so, uh Victor Schauberger as
told by Wikipedia, apparently in 2026
was a pseudo-scientist. Uh also a
naturalist and a philosopher trying to
make him sound a bit like, you know,
someone who's just, you know, on the a
fringe. And being on the fringe isn't
necessarily a bad thing, but I think
this is a poor representation, a poor
representation of uh our Schauberger
right here. And so, uh let's carry on.
So,
uh if you ask Deep Seek or ChatGPT, as
it turns out, Deep Seek will do maybe a
a better job. Uh it'll say that, you
know, there are some conspiracy theories
associated with his work. And those
usually come out of things related to
Nazi crafts and secret things that have
happened that uh nobody knows about. And
then ChatGPT did did ChatGPT did a more
honorable job of presenting him maybe, I
don't know, cuz it called him a fringe
inventor. And so, I don't know if any of
these things are accurate, but let's
first tackle this question. Well, what
is pseudoscience? I think that's a
really important question to tackle.
So, [clears throat] as told by
Wikipedia, let's also try to get into
the minds of the people who are using
this word. Pseudoscience consists of
statements, beliefs, or practices which
claim to be scientific or factual, but
are inherently incompatible with the
scientific method. Makes you wonder. So,
what constitutes a scientific here? And
we can also go into well, what
constitutes as the scientific method.
The scientific method is actually quite
broad, and there are different kind of
variations to it, but in like its
fundamental the fundamental way it's
practiced is generally the same.
So, let's look at what Cambridge says.
This is just a more generalized
definition. And you know, to get a
better definition of pseudoscience, it's
probably more helpful to go into like,
you know, the philosophers of science
who actually talk about these things.
It's a very small niche field within
science, but there are a lot of really
good philosophers within science which
talk about these things. Like, so what
is the science of doing science, and
what are we doing right? What are we
doing wrong? But anyway, so Cambridge
dictionary I didn't do that cuz I don't
have time for this slide. But anyway,
Cambridge dictionary 2020 60 says a
thought or theory which is not formed in
a scientific way. So, we're going to
have to uncover what that is.
So, I I made a working definition for
this, and it wasn't out of a vacuum.
It's based off of those two definitions,
and then kind of qualifying a bit
because I was actually in institutions
of science. Um, and you know, I like sat
down and did work on paper, and I also
got to be in labs a bit. So, it says
pseudoscience it would say is any type
of research which rejects or sidesteps
the scientific method. And so, it's the
practice of treating like subjective
principles, beliefs, or dogmas as
equivalent to scientific conclusions.
And so, the best way I can describe that
is
um,
well, so the sky is blue because it's
the color of divine truth. In science,
when we talk about truth, I always love
to default to Richard Feynman. So, the
test of all scientific truth is by
experiment. When science or scientists
are talking about truth, what we are
generally talking about is what we have
seen um objectively, like testing
something in lab again and again and
again, everyone individually, um and
kind of reaching a kind of a consensus
usually more or less on something which
has happened again. Uh it's not
something is going to be true because we
have a really strong reaction to it or,
you know, it's like a subjective thing.
It's an objective thing that happens.
But, you know, what we consider to be
objective, especially if we're trying to
use like certain working models, is
subject to change, and I'm going to talk
a bit about that, right? So, what are
some concrete examples of pseudoscience?
I have to be very careful with this. And
so, I don't mean to offend anybody, but
like I was just thinking about like in
the modern day, I think most people
would um
And it again, disagreements are welcome
because I think we need more of that in
science, but I think the most concrete
examples of pseudoscience I can think of
is the flat Earth just because, you
know, like recently there was the
mission again with Artemis and some of
the other stuff. So, we saw all those
nice balls floating out. So, and then
another one would be geocentrism, which
is the idea that the Earth is the center
of everything in the universe, right?
And like, you know, the sun orbits
around the Earth, right? So, something
like that. Um I guess by definition that
would be uh pseudoscience, right? So,
that's something which when we all take
our instruments and our tools and we
look at it,
um we would probably disagree because
based on what we're seeing or what we're
observing, the measurements are telling
us
um
the this these statements don't hold,
right? Okay. So, pseudoscience, let's
talk about the raven paradox. So,
science is not true just because 99 out
of 100 specialists say it's true. This
is a very common mentality that I've
grown up with as a like millennial and a
zoomer on the internet seeing people
say, "This works because science." And
science is like kind of put forward like
a god or religion. And science is a
democratic process, but it's also not
democratic in some regards. So, just
because 100 people are saying something
is true doesn't mean it's true. Science
is reliable because claims claims can be
tested, they can be challenged, and they
can be revised. So, that means that even
if 99 people, you know, believe that, I
don't know,
uh there's no such thing as an albino
pigeon or raven, not pigeon, right? As
long as one person finds evidence hard
evidence that there is an albino pigeon,
then that is an objective truth that's
been observed. And so, it's going to
have to cause some revision with the way
we do things. And that's the cool power
with science is anyone can go out there
and test things if they're following the
method faithfully. And uh
bring, you know, good data is what we
use to change and rework things. So, the
claim that all ravens are black can be
overturned by only one verified raven in
the same way that scientific consensus
is powerful, but it's not absolute
proof. So, then,
as I said before, I kind of alluded to
this, here is Richard Feynman. The test
of all knowledge is experiment, and sign
and experiment is the sole judge of
scientific truth. So, uh I love using
this as an operational definition for
like for truth in science uh without
getting too nitty-gritty philosophy
because I do love to moonlight as a
philosopher as well, but that's
something entirely different when it
comes to science. I am by nature an
experimentalist uh and a theoretician
only where uh necessity may call. So,
let's take a look here. I also got my
notes here separately on an iPad, so I'm
looking. So, I want to bring in a
caution here. So, it's very important.
So, uh scientific heresy does not equal
pseudoscience. So, by definition, heresy
is a teaching or dogma that differs from
what has already been formally uh put
forth by an authoritative body. That's a
very concrete like general definition of
heresy that is like interdisciplinary.
So, scientific heresy is a teaching or
approach to a subject which differs from
what has widely been taught or expressed
by a consensus of professionals or
experts. So, as illustrated in the raven
paradox, even scientific heresy can be
overturned and canonized into scientific
dogma. So, this is why whenever we're
doing science, we have to be very
careful and we have to give a lot of
patience to people, even the weird stuff
that we don't understand or the weird
stuff that we think we understand
thoroughly because that can always be
overturned by, you know, someone
bringing in a caged pigeon that we've
never seen. Here is some like actual
historical examples where this has
happened, right? So, we got
uh spooky action at a distance with uh
Louis de I'm going to screw up his name.
I'm not French. Uh de Broglie. So, we
got spooky action at a distance. We got
matter waves, very important and
fundamental. Um we got Eric Laithwaite
who is an incredible professor. He
actually uh was challenging Isaac Newton
for a time and then he repented and
said, "Yeah, Newton was right." But that
kind of wrestling is so, so important in
science and he was a real scientific man
and a man of experiment. And then I
can't say this name correctly, but this
fo- this fellow, he convinced us that
washing our hands could save life and
you'd think like that's, well, common
sense. Who wouldn't wash their hands?
Well, back in the day that wasn't really
a thing and so uh
again, scientific heresy, not
necessarily pseudoscience. Um but uh
yes. So, now let's talk about well, what
is real science, okay? So, real science
is not what a personality says and
sometimes it's not even what leading
theorists might tell you. So, like I've
been saying before, the scientific
method is accessible to everyone. Um
it's democratic in practice, but it's
objective in outcome. That's very
important. It is limited only by the
creativity of the human mind. The
scientific method is not an oligarchy of
qualified specialists. It's not limited
by um assumptions or prevalent
theoretical works. And it's also not
necessarily constrained by a special
faculties, right? So, just because
somebody has access to a billion-dollar
facility or, you know, something else
like all these special tools does not
mean does not mean that other people are
like prevented from doing any kind of
good work. In fact, you'll find many,
many times in science, the human mind is
so powerful that it's able to overcome
the barriers of having all of the nice
whistles. I can't remember the name, but
this is for anyone to go and study
in the field of like neuroscience. We
have colorized images of like incredible
images of neurons. Like before we had
any kind of MRI scanning and we all know
that MRIs, for them to work, we had to
have quantum mechanics worked out and
that wasn't worked out at all when we
got some of these images. And whenever I
look at some of these images, it's just
like a testament to me that if we really
want to learn something, we will find a
method of doing it. And there's kind of
an art to it. It's very difficult and it
seems impossible, but people are able to
get through that hurdle
with even their primitive tools. And you
know, they're able to graduate into
something that is quite workable, right?
And so I can't remember the fellow's
name. Anyone can go and look at it, but
anyway, he figured out a way to like
actually get a picture of the neurons
and it just colors absolutely gorgeous
and absolutely great for scientific
observation. And that's just one of one
example. There are many, many more
examples of this where we're able to
prove like really
really huge and important principles by
using very basic things around us.
So
going on, we got the scientific method.
Well, what is it? So this is a
non-exhaustive outline of the scientific
method. So it's just for the
intellectually curious. So basically,
what is the problem or I like to say
impossibility because most things are
generally impossible when our knowledge
is limited, right? And so that's where
science steps in. Is it truly impossible
or is are we thinking about this wrong?
So we have a good question and then from
that question we graduate into a
hypothesis or an educated guess. So it's
a very important that this is
falsifiable. So falsifiable means that
you're able to prove that it is wrong.
If it's not, then
it's not it doesn't work well with
science. It sounds like more of a matter
for philosophy or something else, right?
And I'm not trying to necessarily put a
barrier between them because I think
that the two sometimes they meet and
then they go away and they do other
things. But just in terms of like pure
science as an experiment, it is
important that you can disprove this,
right?
So then um then you create an experiment
and it's advisable that the experiment
which you're creating is repeatable. So
other people can do it, right? That's
very important. You also want to be very
wary of confirmation bias and the sunken
child fallacy. So as someone who's, you
know, done work in and out of the lab,
independent research, the sunken child
fallacy can manage it work against you,
right? You put you pour so much time and
effort into something hoping it'll work
and then all of a sudden it's like, man,
my experiment didn't go the way I
expected. Why is that? Okay. So then you
get data analysis and then you try to
use the tools of mathematics or rational
um or applicable rationale to try and
understand what is going on. See if
there's a pattern. Uh there isn't a
pattern, then just write down your
findings and then finally, as I like to
say, you have show and tell or you
replicate um you report and then people
replicate what you did independently to
see if there's any credence to what you
did. People might criticize the process.
Maybe there's nothing wrong with the
process itself and people just need to
see, well, what were you doing here and
follow with it.
So uh again, just again restating this
another way, it's important to outline
that there's several attributes in the
scientific method. The first and the
most important is probably that the
process is accessible to anyone. I've
already said this. The second attribute
is that the scientific method is a
democratic process. I think I'm just
repeating myself here, so I'm not even
going to bother with that commentary. So
let's just move on to the next slide. So
thou shalt not remove from from the
scientific method and yet
uh what do we have here? Saint Nikolai
Tesla. This guy was a legend, right?
Oftentimes he's just looked as an
engineer and I'm also going to put him
on a pedestal here because technically
he did not finish his university degree,
but this guy was brilliant. I mean, if I
had his mind,
I would do so many things. He could do
calculus in his head like without any
problems whatsoever. And he understood
he was like just such a brilliant
scientist, right? Such an incredible
scientist. But anyway, here's a famous
quote by him. The greatest woe of modern
science
is that today's scientists have replaced
um substituted mathematics for
experiments and they've wandered off
through equation after equation and
eventually building a structure which
has no relation to reality.
So he is a visionary and I think this is
really important especially when we're
going to dive into Schauberger's work
because the distinction here is that a
lot of things related to Schauberger um
are they're dealt with like hands-on
work, actually doing experiment and
looking at physical principles, right?
They're very important. Not everything
can be done with pen and paper alone. Uh
pen and paper with the tools of
mathematics is meant to enlighten us and
help us formalize those things so we
can, you know, take that information and
share it with other people. Okay. So
moving on, next slide. So what is real
science in Schauberger's camp? Well, I
mean, I took some of these from the uh
like fundamental Schauberger's if
there's a fundamental literary
collection of Schauberger you find
these. And then from other external
independent research that's been done. I
mean, Schauberger's work is broad,
everywhere. We're talking about in terms
of environment, we're talking in terms
of like environmental science, even in
terms of like medicine and processing
other things. And there are a lot of
businesses which are using the um
precepts of Schauberger to, you know, uh
have their processes made more
efficient. So here's a lot of just pure
data like observational data. I didn't
make up these numbers and I didn't make
up these processes and there are a lot
of people who are doing this in an
objective scientific way. So whenever
somebody tries to say, "Well, it's
unscientific and it's pseudoscience
because,
you know, I don't know, somebody said it
and he had like a PhD." I just kind of
go like, "Yeah, that's kind of
problematic. You need to use the brain.
Use the not not the brain, the mind, the
human mind uh to think about that a bit
more critically." So okay, so what is
real science again? I put this here just
to show that there are variations within
the scientific method. So many
variations, right? But fundamentally,
you're still doing the same thing and
you're still going to get the same
fundamental outcome. So, as I like to
say, the scientific method is a
democratic uh it's democratic in process
and then objective in outcome in which
you get, right? And so, bottom line,
because I'm a cat lover, especially a
black cat lover, there are many ways to
skin a chicken because most um most
people love cats. Um so, many ways to do
the scientific method, although the
scientific method remains concretely the
same. So, let's move on. So, this is
just a final uh note. Uh so, scientific
ignorance often breeds pseudoscience,
right? So, much of the work to be
covered in the presentation has remained
stagnant because of this trend of
ignorance. Um so, ignorance uh can
happen in two ways. The first is
obvious, people can promote claims
without evidence, but the second is more
subtle. When experts dismiss a claim
purely by appeal to their own status
without examining it carefully, they can
also damage the scientific process.
Science is not protected by rhetoric,
it's protected by a method. And if a
claim is wrong, then it should be shown
to be wrong through evidence, analysis,
and clear reasoning. But if the response
is only ridicule or credential-based um
dismissal, then the public is left with
rhetoric on both sides. So, this is how
confusion grows. So, we should always
reserve judgments after we've completed
the scientific process. So, it's very,
very important, otherwise it spreads
like wildfire fire like a virus. So,
let's move on. So, who was a Victor
Schauberger truly? We can finally get
into the meat.
So, Victor Schauberger, he was born in
1885. I can't say where per- correctly
cuz my German is bad since high school.
Hochschlag in Mühlviertel, I can't do
this correctly. So, in Upper Austria.
His early life and professional
formation um they were not only
academic, but they're also
observational. He worked as a forest
warden, a senior forest warden,
gamekeeper, and eventually became the
head warden of the forest. Central theme
in his work is the contrast between
explosion and implosion. And he believed
that modern technology relied too
heavily on explosive expanse produce and
heat producing processes. Um so he
really focused on this idea of implosion
which was supposed to work with nature.
So
uh he better framed these systems as uh
in like as flowing internally through
like natural vortices um and then other
things related to them, the attributes
I'm going to get into later. So his
family motto was reportedly to the
silent force. He was truly an
environmentalist at his core.
And um the only reason that you see that
uh straight point uh that I've included
in this slide uh regarding his work in
World War II so decisively is because
somehow despite all of the primary
sources which talk about this and it's
well documented and now uh it's still
considered a conspiracy that he was like
literally slurped by the Nazis and
forced to do work for them um during
World War II. Like that's not a
conspiracy, that's well documented. It
happened. Um they the Nazis really
wanted to uh use Schauberger's work and
actually when the Americans came and
discovered him
uh they like kind of
uh I guess the word is quarantined him a
bit. Not actually quarantined him but
said this guy's working on some advanced
stuff. We don't quite understand it but
it seems to be maybe atomic in nature.
So he might be a little bit dangerous.
Uh let's take a look at that. So uh
expanding who's uh Schauberger for real,
he continues in this experimentalist
lineage. So we got Nikolai Tesla, right?
Who uh mastered electro-magnetism
and was largely dismissed by mainstream
science, right?
So none of these individuals by the way,
I just want to let you know, had a
university degree.
Tesla failed to finish college. Faraday
proved himself by taking exceptional
lecture notes. And Ben Franklin was
almost completely uh self-taught. So the
works of these individuals, they
surpassed many of uh the of their
contemporaries who had high pedigree.
But so few remember Proteus Steinmetz.
And yet Tesla was the one who developed
the uh most exceptional form of the
alternating motor. And then Michael
Faraday had no formal training in math,
yet his experiments fell perfectly in
line with uh the work of uh Maxwell. And
Einstein was known to have a portrait of
him in his office. And then Benjamin
Franklin proved that lightning was
actually electric in nature. And for
better for worse, he's the reason we
have conventional current uh in the
opposite direction. So, this is the
lineage that Schauberger also um
continues on in. Um so, many famous
brilliant minds who have done a lot of
experimenting and made a lot of
contributions to science. Nobody can
dismiss Faraday. And nobody nowadays
will dismiss Tesla. Tesla, getting him
to be like also like known in the
mainstream as just a brilliant mind has
been hard, a huge hike. So, anyway,
these are AI-enhanced images of
Schauberger. They're cleaned up, but
they're still I think they're probably
the best representations I can get of
his sketches without being in the actual
Schauberger estate.
So, uh he worked on all manner of
things, right? So, the first image is a
trout tur- turbine sketch. And I think
it's really more of like concept art
more than anything else. And then the
next one is a bio impeller, right? So,
just his uh conceptual ideas. And
Schauberger, he was a great artist. If I
could draw, I think that would make me a
better designer as well. That's
something I I kind of struggle to do.
But um a lot of his stuff that you see
is not like uh say Tesla drawing. Tesla,
when he draws things, he'll draw them to
scale and he'll have specific dimensions
and stuff. Since Schauberger understood
principles well, uh and he was also good
at drawing. Uh I think in a lot of his
drawings he would have the conceptual
part down, and then that would be it
would be the work of maybe like a more
technical-oriented person to draw these
things. I did find an old schematic of a
home generator, which is signed by him,
and I wonder if he actually like sat
down and did the measurements. That is a
pretty technical design. I think it was
a earlier design that he wanted of the
home gener- generator that wasn't
realized. But anyway, so we have the
submarine. Then we have a bio-impeller,
which is often like pegged onto the
repulsine in a lot of replications. A
lot of people like to just peg on this a
bio-impeller thinking that it solves the
problem of why it won't lift is that it
needs to have some sort of suction
thing, but I also have my own kind of
ideas as to how the thing might have
taken off. Uh we don't have a key
component that's related to it. Then we
have an embryonic implosion chamber, as
I call it. Uh it's really probably for
mixing. I'll talk about this in a later
slide. Um so uh let's move on, okay? So,
next slide we got So, Schauberger again
for real. These are basically the
fundamental works with Schauberger. If
you want to like find and consume all
that you can with Schauberger, uh you
can take a look at any one of these
books here. It's He's just incredibly
voluminous, but he's also like reading
Carl Jung for anyone who's done that. He
has his own kind of language, and it's
very, very important that you don't like
look if you especially if you're a
scientist, you don't get taken back by
Schauberger's language and say this guy
is practicing pseudoscience because he's
saying gravitation is like, you know,
juxtaposed with this other thing, you
know, and you know, you're you're
misunderstanding the guy, right? Like
for a lot of people who are practicing
science purely experimentally and have
not had any opportunity to uh you know,
go through institutional channels. Uh I
should say be domesticated within most
institutional channels today.
Uh they use the languages that are most
like natural to them to communicate the
processes which are happening. The
processes are true. The language might
be a little bit flowery, but the
processes are true.
And so, his language is extremely uh
descriptive and pictorial, and uh it
often lacks technical scientific
parlance, and it's prone to being
treated as pseudoscience because the way
uh the uh translator may qualify his
words. So, I principally in the English
language uh most of the books that have
been translated I think if not all have
been have been done so by Callum Coats.
And uh Olaf Anderson is also an engineer
who did a lot of great work with uh
Schauberger stuff. So, uh let's see what
else I got on my notes here. So, in some
respects, he reads like Tesla who lacked
formal institutional scientific
training, but he retained the essence of
fundamental principles. If someone
joined to any one of these books and
read through some of the commentary left
behind by Coats, they might be more
inclined to believe that Schauberger's
work was a bit of the esoteric
scientific variety. I think that's just
because sometimes when the translators
provide this information, they want to
give some historical a context and some
other background. So, quote will
sometimes quote people who by
association will turn off maybe a few
like technical guys. Like, so there are
sections where they're like, "So, if you
look at like Helena Blavatsky who's
talked about this and this and that in
the esotericism and all this stuff."
We're like, "Ah, I don't know what this
has to do with science." But, what he's
just trying to do is, I guess, help the
reader understand
get a more generalized worldview of
what's going on.
I don't not a lot of that isn't really
fundamentally important in terms of
understanding the operative science
within Schauberger. Historically, it's
important, I guess, and then also, I
guess, in terms of the context when
you're trying to like get your mind
into, "Okay, well, how is he How are
people seeing this?" Like, it's like
looking at ancient people and trying to
understand why were they building
things. They might say that, "Well, this
was because of the principle of a
tadpole which like to move up the water
in some sort of way." And so, they draw
with a lot of pictorial things, but
there's a scientific principle behind
that. That's the secret sauce that
researchers are interested in.
So, moving on,
there are so many parallels with
Schauberger's work when you look at more
like refined
uh experimentalists like Tesla. Like,
what I'm showing you right here is from
Schauberger himself, independent. I
don't know that Schauberger had any kind
of communication with Tesla. In some
ways, he predates Tesla, right? This
right here is like one-to-one with a
Tesla valve, and he did this purely from
his purely from looking at nature.
So, these are his meandering valves, and
so I have a Tesla valve right here in
the lower left-hand corner. And that's
[laughter] exactly what a Tesla valve
is. Tesla is also brilliant because it
just goes to show you the power of the
principle that he's understood, right?
And this is the meandering valve. I I'm
guessing it's the meandering valve at uh
the PKS Society. It looked like that
when I saw it. Um, so I just scraped
these uh as some examples of like like
actual hardcore innovation that he did
that is not pseudoscience that's used in
modern day today and also by other
people.
So we also got his logs here. So some
important information on the logs. By
1922 Schauberger had designed and built
timber flotation installations um or log
flumes in Steyrling. So these were based
on his observations of nature and they
reduced logging costs to a tenth their
previous level. So the success of this
led to many other things and by 1930
there is a film. Uh you can find it. It
exists somewhere on the internet there
uh which is a documentary based on this.
Um, so from Schauberger's work here it
well, Schauberger's work in general
expanded into forestry, water
technology, and many other things. And
by 1931 he started the uh experiments
involving the extraction of electrical
energy electrical energy from water. Um,
connected to water capillary action
research and Lord Kelvin's fallen wa-
falling water experiments. By 1932 his
work included the production of pure
water and even fuel production from
water.
1933 he published his first and only
book Our Senseless Toil where he um
criticized modern practices working
against nature rather than with it.
Definitely a environmentalist at his
core. Okay, so moving on. Here are some
pictures of his home generator. So I
mentioned earlier that there was a
technical design and this is signed by
Viktor Schauberger is what it says
there. I'm not sure if he actually like
prepared this image but at the very
least it looks like he knew what he was
doing. So the home generator um is
supposed to be able to create
well, I'm not going to go into that in
this slide, but and then I don't want to
I don't want to oversimplify how it's
going to work and also don't want to
misrepresent how it's supposed to work.
But it's supposed to also reach a kind
of like equilibrium within implosion.
There's a something I call kind of like
a static equilibrium. And it
basically supposed to keep creating a
vacuum where it's rotating at a nice
even pace and then that can be like
adjusted. So that was his
hope with the home generator. And I
think if I remember correctly, I'm not
sure. I think that this home generator
which was a built wasn't actually the
idealized home generator he want. I
don't know that it actually worked. And
I think when they tested it, they were
careful because, you know,
the thing is old, so it's just better as
a historical item. Let's see what other
notes I got.
There are many vortex layers to this
device.
And implosive principles will cover
later
in the lecture. So
when they're built in an ideal way, the
several aftereffects related to
temperature, pressure, and fluid flow
become quite manifest. These are the
things I don't want to talk about
because there actually nuanced to them.
And you know, there's a whole science to
them depending on what avenue you want
to take. So for any student of science,
temperature and pressure are not
naturally unrelated. So it makes sense
that, you know, he would talk about
these things and take them into effect.
He's always talking about temperature
falling and like decreasing. I remember
in high school I was always bored by
this. It's like, why is he talking about
temperature? I don't care about that.
Difference in pressure like air pressure
is like differential. I get that. But
like temperature things, why is that
important? You study physics and you
realize, ah, you know, these drops in
like pressure can also cause, you know,
an effect on temperature and vice versa.
Thermo is interesting, also very
annoying course that I didn't like. But
anyway, that's beside the point. It's
also very important for my field of
research because force is a process. But
anyway, so Schauberger for real, some
innovations. Here is the innovations we
have we see in like pharmaceutical
industries
and treatments and stuff. So, it should
be noted that Walter Schauberger, not
Victor Schauberger, accomplished a great
deal of developing several types of
spiral treatment systems involving both
gas and fluids. And here are some of
them. The first image shows Marcus
Kieser, Kieser, head of the head of
production at Walla Heumeter, Heumeter,
using the apparatus designed to mix
plant juices.
Mistletoe, winter mistletoe, and summer
mistletoe. And so, the purpose of this
process is to separate the mineral comp-
components from freshly harvested
mistletoe through a specialized form of
motion and mixing. So, the device
actually emerged from discussions
related to Rudolf Steiner's ideas
and with Schauberger. So, Steiner had
envisioned a separate preparation method
for mixing these materials. So,
actually, excuse me.
Correction, it was Karl Koller who was
familiar with Steiner's thought who
later met Victor Schauberger. And then,
following this encounter, the egg-shaped
device was developed and it produced a
distinct kind of vortex-based mixing
process. So, in 1976, the first version
of this device was transferred to Walla
and that is shown in the image to the
left.
It's a photograph of Kieser. The next
example is a water appliance which is
designed to revitalize distilled water
based on Schauberger's designs in 1938.
So, if one looks just above his hand,
they can see a silver prototype of a
Schauberger's transparent wave
diaphragm. So, I'm speaking now of this
image here. This was taken and this is
Klaus Rauber and it was in well-known,
like the most well-known Schauberger
documentary that or maybe not. It might
have been 2004. I can't remember which
one.
But anyway, you'll see the diaphragm
plates which will be kind of like this
reoccurring theme, especially with the
whirlpool thing and his like trout
turbine here.
So,
basically, the way this is supposed to
work is the water is pulsed through the
diaphragm and then it continues along
the screw-like meandering path, vertical
path. In Schauberger's words, the hole
is covered by a lid to so that light is
excluded. This is another thing with
Schauberger, he thought that water
became more energetic within darkness.
And so uh Schauberger believed that the
more energetic yeah, more energetic in
darkness especially in the presence of
moonlight rather than um direct exposure
to light. So that was those were some of
his uh environmental practices being put
into use the best they could for uh
producing some of these systems. Moving
on. Now we're going into the uh his
actual direct lineage. So Viktor
Schauberger uh so Viktor Schauberger uh
is also an incredible person. I didn't
know this until I did a bit of digging.
He studied mechanical and electrical
engineering. So he was a bit more
technical oriented and believe me it
does show. So rather than simply
preserving his father's ideas and
historical curiosities, uh he tried to
systematize them uh through principles
and uh through like physics, biology,
and all sorts of other scientific
principles. In 1949, he helped found the
Green Front considered Austria's first
environmental organization. Make the
Earth fertile again was their kind of
mantra. And then in the 1970s, his work
expanded into the PKS school, the
Pythagoras-Kepler School where he
invented harmonic theory, non-Euclidean
geometry, and prime numbers, nuclear
physics, what he called the tonal nature
of physics. It might sound a bit
esoteric to people because
again, it's just kind of a
misrepresentation, but a lot of times
when people go into subjects that
haven't really been covered in
mainstream circles, the moment they
start talking about like fundamental
properties, then it sounds like you're
saying, "Well, seven is the you know
best nature is the best number to use to
tune everything in nature because it's
the number of divine cosmic truth." And
that's not so. We all know Pythagoras
and his work with mathematics. Uh
everyone loves him, right? Because of
all of the triangles and squares we've
had to work with in primary school for
all those painful standardized tests. So
no one doubts his work, but um
uh a lot of people don't actually
understand the more fundamental nature
of things like Euclid and so on and so
forth. And that that that's like the
ground level, like the base like
assembly language level, where a lot of
Schauberger's work came from and uh
Walter worked to formalize a lot of like
like that to like say, "Okay, so when
we're talking about implosion and things
which are happening in a process, a good
way to illustrate this is by using some
of these tools which already exist here
in terms of mathematics." So, he was a
smart guy.
And here are just some pictures from the
uh PKS society. I'm not going to go into
any of them. They're actually really
really useful when you're designing any
kind of Schauberger system. So, you can
basically create anything that Victor
Schauberger, if you ever want to make
anything from Victor Schauberger, you
can start off by making a hyper This is
like just the secret sauce in terms of
the industry making stuff. So, um just
start off with like a hyperbolic cone
and then slice that. There's so many
different ways to slice that and you can
create any kind of geometry you want and
it'll be very easy to create a
geometrically advantageous object. Um
how you do that in terms of the 3D
becomes a bit of a method, but this can
help you. Um
and so, moving on to the next slide,
this is a another It's like looking at
the hyperbolic cone from far away.
And so, uh these are just things that he
developed. He didn't really develop
them. They've all been there, but
they're just useful in terms of uh
I guess the science of Victor
Schauberger. And then we Everyone knows
this lovely face. This is Jörg
Schauberger, which is the grandson or
son of a grandson of a Victor, son of
Walter. And he carries on the legacy of
both his father and his grandfather,
spokesperson and lecturer and
collaborator of Schauberger material and
the current presenter and overseer of
the PKS estate. So, he's overseen many
of the independent studies of the work
of both his father and his grandfather.
Okay, so we've done it. We've gone
through uh Victor Schauberger the best
we can and we've done so fairly fast.
And now we're going to go into the more
technical details. So, this is the
general part. So, we're on to part two.
So, what is implosion? That's a very
good question here. So, let's look at
implosion. What is implosion as a
science? So, implosion is the process.
Let's talk about it. So, you can think
of it usually as the inverse of
explosion. So, if explosion goes out,
then I guess the inverse is it goes in.
So, explosion is a process whereby mass,
energy is released outwardly, usually in
the form of heat, and that causes an
expansion of a given volume or space.
So, implosion differs a little bit. So,
implosion is a process where mass,
energy of a given volume or space is
concentrated inwardly by a kind of
compression. It can be a compression.
And it's actually also directed as well.
It can be directed. So, instead of
spitting stuff out to get kind of like,
you know, energy,
energetic, uh I'd say useful energetic
motiveness, you contain things and you
just kind of like, uh
you have that directed in a way,
uh
within a contained sort of way. Okay, so
moving on to the next place. Uh next
These These are really cool slides. So,
this is really important. Um so, the
explosive process is basically
summarized really well here in this very
simple diagram here. This is what you
learn, I remember in like mechanics, uh
fundamental physics course where we had
to use
uh the rocket equation for this. But
basically, as I was saying, in my crude
millennial language, you just take So,
when you take mass and you spit out mass
to get something to move in another way
because of Newton's third law.
So, the implosive process honors Newton
in every single respect. There is no
such thing as a reactionless system, so
far as I understand. Everything must be
reactionary if it's having some sort of
motion.
This image I took [clears throat] is
actually comes out of a NASA document.
Uh anyone who's done the field of like
researching any type of alternative
propulsion uh critically and rigorously.
It's like a huge thousand-page document
or maybe 500 pages, I can't remember,
uh by AIAA in Advances of uh Propulsion.
And when it introduces Mach's principle
and Woodward's work, it had an
illustrative, which is actually just a
powerful illustrative overall. And this
is why I will go on to talk about why
Mach's principle, at least the formalism
I'm using, is a very powerful tool in
describing implosive processes. And as
you can see here, I mean this isn't If
you actually built this mechanism, this
is not necessarily how it would work
unless you had some sort of like
pressure differential. But the idea is
that, you know, uh
as
as M is changing, like mass isn't mass
is changing, right? So the delta M is
changing. So as there's a slower
contraction and then a full expansion,
it's moving forward, right? It's kind of
breathing. And actually I defer to a
lecture before this about a month ago,
which was given by Michelle Boisvert.
Forgive me if I mispronounced her name.
And she does an excellent job in talking
about how uh Woodward's Mach effect
thrusters like work because a lot of the
principle fundamentally we work with the
same kind of principles, right? In terms
of the breathing and the pushing. And
the push the push is basically the pull
and the push and the pull is basically
the push sort of deal is what's going
on. Um and so this is the implosive
process illustrated mechanically and the
explosive process chemically. Which is
also, I mean if you want the mechanical
process, just open the hood of your car
engine. Okay, so moving on, what are
some good analogs for those who don't
understand with my word food salad? So a
useful analog would probably be fission
versus fusion. Fission generates energy
by splitting mass energy. It's
probably even more powerful than an
analog. It's still the same kind of
thing, an explosive process, no? So it
generates energy by splitting mass
energy, right? The contents within an
atomic nucleon nucleus. And then fusion
generates energy by combining the mass
energy of atomic nuclei, right? And so I
mean this is probably a very good way of
explaining how implosive works. So then
what is an implosive system? That's a
really good question. Okay, so these are
enhanced images I had. Actually I
believe this This doesn't come from a
Roger Penrose thing. Penrose has some
interesting work as well with rotation
matrices. Um I'm not even going to go
into that like with spinner theory and
some other stuff. But the illustrative
is a very powerful illustrative that can
be used anywhere. So, I had it
color-coded, right? This is a very, very
powerful illustrative for many different
reasons. But anyway, an implosive
system, this is a very good illustrative
for illustrating an implosive system. An
implosive system is a system which is
driven by an implosive process. So, that
is a process where mass energy or
inertially or the inertial content is
cyclically retained and redirected. So,
it differs from an explosive process
where mass energy or inertial content is
either expelled or discarded throughout
an impulse. So, the flows or the
transfers of mass energy within an
implosive process tend to be vertical or
vortal. They're the ver- the words that
we're using here I I they're not really
neo no- localisms, but like, you know,
they're a lot of people haven't been
doing work in vortex stuff in
mainstream. So, it's kind of hard to
give this an adjective word. So, a
vertical or vortal, both should work,
right?
Usually, it's vortal or vortal and then
you'll have a particular vector of
movement. You don't always have a vector
of movement. Uh you can have like a
counter-rotating vector system. And I
might talk about this a bit with the
repulsing, but basically, you end up
having like two counter-rotating
vortex within like a gas or media. And
then within that, you have an embedded
bigger vortex, and that general vortex
often just looks like a giant donut. But
a lot of times, people don't count
don't see the counter vortexing that
goes on.
But uh it's just a different thing to
talk about. It can get a little bit
complicated. So, anyway, what is an
implosive propulsive system? Um a
reactionary implosive-driven device
which does not expel mass in the same
sense as an explosive process to
generate thrust. Um an opened or
mock-admitting system whose process of
force generation is implicated with the
rest of its surroundings. I say opened
or mock-admitting system because I'm not
when we're talking about these systems,
there are different ways to qualify
them. And over the years, I've seen a
lot of people go to great lengths to
make very
very nice frameworks that are distinct.
Sometimes they say like Newton is
lacking.
Like Newton is lacking completely or
this doesn't work, but Mach is very easy
to use. Well, it's not not because of
convenience, but in terms of doing the
science, right? There is nothing
necessarily fundamentally wrong with the
science, but there has been a
misunderstanding in how the science has
been applied. And so everything that
modern Mach had already been
articulating in things like mechanics
and on fits snugly with things like
this. It's just that in a world where
explosion is kind of like the way that
everyone understands energetic processes
and motion, it's very hard to talk about
implosive systems. They almost sound
like fantasy or something made up,
right? And so Mach helps to offset that
and also helps to formalize that in a
scientific process that can be like
replicated.
So, what is an implosive system? What
are the types? So, my area of specialty
I would say is in solid state inertial
mechanics or solid state implosive
systems. And to the left we have one
which is mechanical. And so,
as the name implies, solid state that
means I deal with actual concrete
masses. What we do is we arrange those
in space
according to an advantageous geometry.
Use a 2π Mobius band and that's just
because it has some really nice
attributes. It's non-orientable and that
non-orientability it almost sounds like
I'm talking about general relativity
here because anyone who practices not
practices but uses GR knows that there
are advantageous geometries which allow
you to do special things in space time
when say you want to traverse a wormhole
or make a really fast kind of like you
know system that displaces space time.
And the principle, even though general
relativity is not at all necessitated
with the formulas of Mach I use,
the principle is absolutely the same. Is
that I mean, it goes back to even Walter
who's using PKS stuff, right? Is that
there are geometrically some
advantageous geometries that let the
implosive process work with great ease.
You're able to achieve a kind of static
equilibrium and I qualify that in a
different paper I released last month,
uh with
uh a 2 pi Mobius band. But, there are
other kind of geometries that you can
use as well. So, we have a fluid base or
hydrodynamic base system here,
hydraulic, and that is the repulsine.
I'm going to have to speed through this
a bit more. Okay. So, we have perfectly
ideal uh implosive systems here. So,
what happens in a perfectly ideal
implosive system? Okay. So, if you have
a system like the Schauberger system,
you have the gaseous reactant. So, that
means it's working with an air. So, I
call it a new pneumatic system. Then,
you have the hydraulic system, which is
like what you see in kind of like the
submarines. Okay. So, for the hydraulic
systems here, uh this is really
important because eyewitness accounts uh
of the repulsine if it took off. And
this is Victor Schauberger's own word,
the apparatus it first functioned at the
first attempt it rose upwards trailing a
blue-green and then silver-colored glow.
That implies to me some sort of
ionization with like stepping up the
energy levels. So, in an ideal implosive
system that is a pneumatic type working
with air as the media, uh gaseous
reactant. Um perhaps there's a sort of
concentrated coronal discharge, right?
So, tribo- triboluminescence takes place
when a material is mechanically stressed
by rubbing against something else. In
this case, the rubbing the something
else is the air. For something like the
repulsine, that thing which was rubbed
against is probably the air, like I
said. For this condition to take place,
one must consider the type of material
which is being used, the construction of
the turbine, and again, it's it's
possible that this is a stand-alone
effect or it's concurrent with
ionization. I'm not sure because I
haven't been able to replicate this
effect myself. So, for those who don't
know, ionization is when the orbitals of
an an atom lose um they lose or receive
an additional electron. Um so, uh we
physicists like to say it's something
like positively or negatively ionized.
So, coronal discharge occurs when the
electric field around a conductor
becomes strong enough to ionize the
surrounding gas, but not strong enough
to form the full spark between the two
conductors. So, the repulsine most most
likely behaved as an advanced pressure
transformer or Van de Graaff generator
and in its most ideal conditions, having
a concentrated charge of ionization
within the right below the cowl, um when
the conditions were just right. If the
historical accounts of the prototype are
as described, um then it probably looked
a lot like this. So, here are some
coronal discharge examples. Obviously,
we have the Tesla coil. So, when you
have systems that work really well, um
physical systems, then the physical
environment around them also become
integrated into the circuit. And that's
exactly what happens with the Tesla
circuit. I mean, Tesla coil as well, is
that air itself is also a great
capacitor. And so, the air around it
becomes uh
uh discharged and not discharged,
becomes ionized as well. This is a very
specific kind of bandy graph generator,
and I forgot why it was made. It was
like to the research. It was done in a
very particular place, around Hill bandy
graph. Someone can look into that. This
is really important in terms of uh
what's it called? Victor Schauberger's
work. So, like a Mirabou, so uh so more
immediate demonstration um uh what the
the region beneath the cowling system of
Schauberger, what it looked like with a
highly energized craft when it was
highly energized. We can get an idea
from borrowing from the work of Dr. uh
like Mirabou and his laser beam powered
light craft in White Sands, New Mexico.
So, geometry plays a critical role, and
if you look at this, it has quite the
hyperbolic geometry, you know? And so,
uh what he does uh in his design, it's
much like a normal implosive system
design. So, the light craft is a
specially a specially shaped object
resembling an upside down spinning top.
Its base has a cross section, which is
similar to the hyperbolic parabola. And
so, the region is energized by an
intense laser beam, heating up the craft
somewhere between 20 and uh 30 K Kelvin.
So, saliently, his light craft is also
able to incorporate a shroud or cowl,
which you can see, which helps
concentrate the directed laser beam
energy to a focal region. And once the
energy reaches a critical intensity, the
air beneath the craft breaks down into a
plasma and expands violently. It creates
shock waves, um propelling the model
upward. So, maybe that's what we were
seeing with Schauberger and and just to
give like to help the imagination to see
what that looks like. This is what it
looks like when Mir Bow is doing some
work with his life crafts. And I'm
certain that if the eyewitness accounts
regarding the repulsine were as, you
know, stated before then this is
probably what they saw, right? In an
ideal condition. Now, this is incredible
because here Mir Bow is
energizing the thing to reach a really
high critical temperature and then it
does this. But the repulsine seemed to
had really nice principles that were
just working. You know, like where it
somehow achieved this. This is an
incredible aftereffect. I don't know how
you would achieve that. The way I
designed my repulsines, they have a
little Easter egg where you can kind of
induce this effect. Well, I shouldn't
say induce this effect, but induce some
appreciable effects similar to this.
Okay, so moving on. Another ideal thing
we're just going to touch on this real
quickly because it's adjacent to the
repulsines, cavitation. So, in an
implosive system. So, cavitation takes
place when a local pressure in water
falls below the liquid vapor
uh causing bubbles or vapor cavities to
form. This can occur within the wakes of
low pressure regions around rapidly
moving objects. So, this is the process
here. Got to go through this. I actually
had the opportunity to speak speak with
some of these Schauberger veterans
who've been doing Schauberger research
like since the '80s, right? And I I sent
them some of my PowerPoints and I was I
didn't even know. I got on an email with
this guy I Kurt uh Halberg who owns this
company uh
uh Waltr Wekow. And so anyway, I grabbed
this because I think this might be an
example of cavitation within one of the
Schauberger systems with the hyperbolic
geometry here.
And I'm just going to speed through this
again. These are trout engines. So, in
their ideal case, the analog of the
triboluminescence which goes on should
be cavitation.
And uh this is uh these are just some of
the diagrams again. Uh so, trout engine
same you'll find things like the
diaphragm and some other stuff. Okay, so
moving on. A working science. So,
working science we have the
the PKS school. So, basically
uh the tradition just deals with tone,
it deals with raw ratio and proportion.
Okay, what do we got here? The PKS
system. This is nothing new. I'm really
not going to go into the nitty-gritty of
how this works, but again, it's just
fundamental Pythagoras here. So, these
are just some slides I AI enhanced them
that you'll find within the PKS society.
Uh we can talk a bit about Mach's
principle. So, because I have done quite
a lot, at least in my own formalization
of that. So, Mach's principle of
impulsive forces, if the universe is a
closed box, then the constituent parts
are just basically subsystems. Mass,
energy, and inertia are transferred
through corridors of interaction. So,
this is important for describing
Schauberger-type systems since these
systems are fundamentally impulsive. So,
um the thesis of Mach's principle is
predicated on the idea that matter in
this place does not go uninfluenced by
matter elsewhere. So, from a theoretical
approach, there are several ways to
approach this into a working theory,
um but most are usually only familiar
with Woodward's approach, which does a
great job of formalizing Mach within the
bounds of GR. So, many of the So, the
systems I work in don't necessitate GR,
but it's still Mach's principle
fundamentally. So, an impulsive system
does not expel mass, it reorganizes
motion inwardly. It produces a force
through a localized redistribution or
contained wave packet, essentially
soliton. This is a soliton here. I
didn't even know what a soliton was when
I made these designs way back in like
2018. So, I use something where force is
a process of inertial confrontation. So,
force treated as a process is something
which isn't actually really done
standard in physics, and there are
different ways to do that.
So, Mach's principle of impulsive
forces, this is just something I took
from another slide of mine as well. And
so, we got here basically confrontation
is basically when you apply some sort of
action to one mass part, but then that
does not uninfluence the other part
here.
So, you can leverage this kind of
principle to create unidirectional
force, so that's force in one sort of
direction
or just a static equilibrium of a
motion. So, you need to apply Newton's
forces concurrently. And so, now let's
go into the fluid dynamics of the
implosion process, right? So, we're
going to talk about three things here.
The first thing we're going to talk
about is a soliton, right? So, a soliton
can be classified as three things. So,
basically a soliton is a
self-reinforcing wave packet having a
constant velocity. So, first, it is of
constant form. Hello, hello, hello. Can
anyone hear me? My AirPods died, but
hopefully uh I'm still
heard loud and clear. I don't know if I
am. Okay, so first, a soliton is of
permanent form and it's localized within
a region. It can interact with other
solitons and it can emerge from the
collision unchanged except with phase
shift. So, that means you can have two
soliton things that like run into one
another, but their forces are still
remaining the same. And the image to the
left is a diagram. It just shows like
how solitons work. And then the images
to the right are actual solitons as
well, mathematical solitons, uh most
notable the 2-pi. So, then next we got
the uh
fluid dynamics Bernoulli's principle.
So, I stole this from a Shaw burger
slide. Basically, fluid speed increases
static pressure. As fluid speed
increases, static pressure decreases.
Okay? So, don't have time to really go
into that. And then we're going to dive
into Helmholtz's theorems a bit. So,
Helmholtz's theorems in short basically
how a fluid system works uh will uh be
uh contingent upon these things. I don't
have time to go into great detail about
these, but anyone who's really
interested in the nitty-gritty, there's
a great book by Saffman which has all
manner of uh really hard I shouldn't say
hard, it is complicated math dealing
with fluid dynamics uh using some uh
calculus, higher-level calc. But uh
anyway, so uh this is the first theorem
here. So, the first theorem is basically
it strikes a similarity between
Maxwell's equations for magnetic field.
Um but here it says a tube's structural
integrity will remain constant with
respect to time.
So, the strength of a vortex line is
constant along its path. And then this
next one over here, basically again,
extraordinarily similar to
electrodynamics, a vortex will go on
into some boundary like a wall or wrap
itself into a coil.
So that's what we have. This is very,
very similar to some of the
electrodynamic principles you'll find
when using Maxwell's equation. And then
finally, we have here vortex theorem
three, a fluid element that is initially
irrotational remains irrotational. And a
fluid element which is free of vortices
continues to remain free of vortices. So
if you've got no vortex, no spinning,
then it won't be spinning. If it already
is spinning, will tend to be spinning.
Okay, so let's go in and we finally made
it. So the repulsine {slash} repulsator,
okay? So you'll notice that I have left
out the maths and all that stuff cuz we
just don't have time for that. We got to
get into the real sauce. And I had to
like, you know, give all of the
background for this. So let's go into
the lore, right? Cuz there's so much
lore surrounding this. I have to bring
some clarification into this.
Okay, so these are taken from books,
assortment of Calvin Coats and
Alexanderson's books as well. So
basically, here's what happened. So in
1943,
Victor was declared fit for active duty
by the SS and under the control of
Heinrich Himmler forced him to develop a
new secret weapon. And so he had to work
at I think it was Mauthausen
concentration camp to supply the work
which was supplied with a workforce of
prisoners. He was strongly opposed to
this. He didn't like this. And so, you
know, he was trying to resisting and
finding unique ways to work around the
working conditions. So
this here I my highlight portion talks
about the device. So
basically, let's see if my notes can
condense this a bit more. So the excerpt
on the left is in 1956 letter to Franz
Strauss. Schauberger claimed that a
working model of his repulsine had
actually been flown by the Oh, this
might be
This will Well, I'll read this anyway.
So by American intelligence
investigators after being seized, the
same account also reports an important
component which had been removed by in
Vienna by
Russians. If the component really exist
and given that the visible
incompleteness of the present repulsine
designs, it's this is not unreasonable,
then an obvious question is why did
Schauberger not redraw the component or
provide a more previous um detailed
description of it? Perhaps he forgot,
perhaps they were the ones who figured
out how the how to make this component
and understood enough Schauberger that
they just went off and made it
themselves. So one possible answer is
that by this point too much time had
passed, the war was over, his
circumstances had changed, and his
attention had been shifted into other
projects. It's also possible that the
component was simply not a detachable
part, but something whose function
didn't depend on tolerances, material
pressures, internal conditions, and
other things which were difficult to
reconstruct from a material um memory
alone, okay? I may have preemptively
read those notes, but uh
again, these are just like primary
things related to lore. So yeah, uh
that Moving on. So lore part two we got
here. So this excerpt is quite important
because Schauberger himself says that
the device which worked um during uh a
try had a trailing blue-green silvery
glow. That's why I brought up like
Mirabeau's work. And it's even to
consider because if the conditions were
ideal, then a truly operational device
might have looked closer to the light
craft like uh Mirabeau's work, which
produces a trailing kind of energetic uh
light streak from shock waves and the
craft as it continually ascended upward,
right? So I prefer the alternative and
about a year later the first flying
saucer rose up unexpectedly at first
attempt. The ceiling was then wrecked. A
few weeks later an American group
appeared who seemed to understand what
was happening and seized everything. And
so again here in Callum Coats' book uh
he says that the compact side, so I
think referring to this event, um the
machine generated such a powerful
levitation force that when it was first
switched on without Schauberger's
permission, it sheared the six uh
1 1/4 in 1/4 in I guess diameter tensile
steel anchor bolts and shot upwards and
smashed against the floor. Very powerful
principle, like implosion then.
So anyway, uh moving on. Next slide. So
here we got more lore. So at the end of
the war he was confined for a year by
American forces uh because of his
knowledge of atomic energy production,
right?
And after his release under the threat
of re-arrest he was forbidden to take up
any research again in atomic energy
field. Although
I guess other people have been
interested in it also by the way that
was taken from Alexanderson's book. So
let's look at some past and present
current reconstructions of the
Repulsine. Okay, so this is the
Repulsine B. I may have switched them
up. This might be A, I don't know. But
again, like I said earlier preface, I
don't believe any of the historical
Repulsine crafts that we have today
actually ever took off. I think if they
were pretty sure so when they were
constructed they were probably like, you
know, little step ladders to get them to
the real Repulsine which did work. And
one reason for this is because we still
have mostly all of the parts for these
things intact. And so we know for a fact
that for the one that did work there was
a part that was intact and it was
destroyed. I think in Victor's
department. If you look in the lore that
I provided before.
So historically there are only two major
versions of the Repulsine. A lot of
times these also get misunderstood and
mismatched incorrectly. So this version
is probably the earliest patented form.
And another thing to know with the
patents and just Victor Schauberger in
general is I get a lot of faithful
Victor Schauberger followers who will be
like, you did Schauberger wrong, you did
this. And like I said in the beginning,
Victor Schauberger's work a lot of times
is pictorial and descriptive. And so
what you see in drawings, especially as
somebody who loves patent dumping so
that's basically going into the dumpster
trash of patents and looking at that
like patent designs. What you see in a
patent is not necessarily one-to-one
with a design. And so you should
probably be it's better you understand
the principles that the inventor meant
for the design but sometimes those don't
equate to having the thing actually work
one-to-one, right? Okay. So here for
this design here in this model you have
a series of covering tongues. So they're
about 60 degrees from one another.
There's also a large snake-like opening
almost associated with lower membrane uh
with internal features whose exact
function remain really difficult to
interpret. This version is not known to
produce lift. Um for this reason, I
treat it as an earlier prototype than a
final operational form. This operation
uh this interpretation also seems
reasonable when examining the patent
since the device is more explanatory and
structurally
uh and structurally developmental than
the later repulsine. Okay, so uh
repulsine A, so that is the repulsine
that everybody knows when they think
about it. So, over time Coats and uh
Fried Friedbanda, I forgot his name,
established a relationship. So, uh I
this actually Oh, so in a lecture given
by Richard Friedband, a Fried
Friedbanda, a former US airman, Callum
Coats was reportedly in attendance. In
this lecture, Friedbanda presented
images of what he claimed to be Viktor
Schauberger's last repulsine. So, over
time the two got a relationship and then
through the exchange uh basically word
got over to the uh Schauberger estate.
Jörg uh went over to go and visit uh uh
uh Richard Fried Richard Friedband's uh
widow in the United States. And during
that visit, several important primary
documents were uncovered. Among them was
the so-called purple report, a 1952
paper associated with the University of
Stuttgart um uh bearing the signature of
the professor, but also uh more things
related to the repulsine A as we have
here. So, in my view, the photograph on
the left appears to show the same
device. A lot of people say these are
two different devices, but I think it's
the same device with just a different
top, a different upper component. Many
people, including Callum Coats, have
treated these as distinct repulsines
with one being with the one being the
earlier version covered from the
previous slide. I've come to a different
conclusion. These images most likely
represent the same repulsine with
interchangeable uh modified upper
sections. What remains unclear to me is
whether the impeller-type cone in the
lower section was used uh together with
the acorn structure of the upper piece.
So, basically, uh what's unclear to me
is whether the images here
were both like combined and used
together or separate. I still think
there was a crucial piece that might
have been uh missing. I'm not sure. So,
what uh what else? Let's see what else.
Uh for example, the impeller cone could
not easily coexist in the same position
with the bio impeller type thing deal.
And there are images that you see here,
obviously the bio impeller. And this
doesn't really look like an ideal bio
impeller. Some of these look more for
show, trying to work off of Schauberger
rather than like functional engineering
stuff, in my personal opinion. So, this
is where the engineering begins to blur,
and the myth if there is a missing
component that enabled the machine to
lift, it was likely connected to this
upper section in some way. And that
upper section seems to be the area where
the most significant functional
variations occurred. Okay, so then this
is another important thing to Oh,
running out of time here, so I might go
over just about 5 minutes. There has
been a emulsifier misattribution. So,
this device has never required a
emulsifier. And if you look at all of
the primary documents, you will see that
the only case that you ever hear of an
emulsifier being mentioned within uh
Schauberger's work is with mixtures. And
then also, this was taken from the
tornado turbine, which I had translated
in English, and with my own little
hand-drawn notes. In a documentary, I
think Jörg made the mistake of
accidentally uh misattributing this the
the the ability of the repulsine not
working to a emulsifier that was needed.
There was never an emulsifier needed. Um
when the thing took off accidentally and
sheared its way through stuff, there was
no speak of any kind of emulsifier. I
think it was purely from the implosive
principles that it worked. I think it's
more than likely more than possible for
such a thing to take place. Okay. So, uh
moving on.
Here are some images from a repulsine
which was replicated by somebody in the
aerodynamic industry. Uh this was from a
global BEM presentation by Jörg in
November of 2019. He said there were
folks uh trying to replicate it, and the
quote is, "There is interest from the
aircraft industry. It was remodeled some
years ago, but they told us there wasn't
any effect." And so, as someone who
worked on this particular model, I'm not
surprised because uh just some principal
things in mind when you're thinking
about it.
Um
it doesn't look like this will just give
you an aerodynamic effect from the
images alone, right? So, my own work,
very quickly here. So, basically this is
what I did, you know, I had a lot of
time on my hands and I was bored. I went
through and I counted all of the slots
and I, you know, did some digging on the
internet and found like people who'd
actually gone to PKS and posted those
images. I counted all of the rills or
gills and then I counted the waves
within the diaphragms. A lot of people
get on my case saying, "You did the
waves wrong, this and that and that."
Whatever. If you look at the designs,
the historical designs which were made,
I assure you that the people who were
making these were not paying attention
to the finer details. They weren't as
refined as we read Schauberger
researchers are. And so, they had no
cares for things like kudal horns or,
you know, harmonic, you know, distances
for the waves to be there, right? And
so, my intention in making this was just
trying to
make a historical craft that could be
replicated by anyone anywhere and reused
or reused and then improved upon.
And so, that's what I did here. These
are my notes of studying that image
which was provided for Callum Coats.
Distinct The only distinct things you'll
find in my design is I made the the
plates a little bit thicker for 3D
printing. If they're too thin, it's
going to give you a nightmare and give
you like a squirrel's nest for 3D
printing.
And I've also combined some parts, but I
also have the parts which are not
combined. It is not necessary for many
of the components here to be like
separated. Some of them can be fused
together and that's perfectly fine, but
you have to be careful with where you're
doing that.
So, uh here is the annual ring. For
example, the annual ring part was more
of a like separator between the function
functional parts. It really had no It
was just a separator between the cowl
and then the lower
frame wing waves. You didn't need it
there. And so, I was able to get rid of
it. It was more of like man-made
need. This was reproduced by Puthoff Lab
when they did research back in whatever
they They research. He's disappeared
now. And so uh these are some of the
internal slots.
And then I went to the CAD Fusion 360. I
reproduced things the best I can with
the nice sweeping gradient edges. And I
made different variations. So these are
just some of the variations I have here.
This was the 3D printing design. I
forgot how long this took because I
tried to make it as large as possible.
And I think the printer was like a three
an Ultimaker 3. I can't remember, but my
library school library had some really
nice 3D printers then. And so I would
always come in and instinctively do my
work and leave. I didn't like talking to
people because in the past well
you get bullied quite a lot for working
on things that everyone in institutional
science is like yeah, this is stupid.
This doesn't work. It's not real, right?
And so I mean if you're not working for
me and not helping me then it's better
to keep it hush-hush, right? So anyway,
I finished the end product. I did end up
showcasing it in one of our little
library presentations. And I did not
test it. This one probably wouldn't be
good for testing. It's weak. But the
good news is that with all of the files
that I've open sourced for anyone, you
can go and rebuild this.
And you can actually use a CNC machine
to make it as well. And so you can do
some really interesting things if maybe
you get it up to speed or improve upon
it and solve the mystery of the upper
chamber that all of us are trying to
figure out. But I think it's a pretty
darn close replication as is just on
based on eyes. Our work in future work,
I just haven't had the time. I've been
procrastinating. And to be honest, I've
been a bit on the low
trying to
get back into doing this work. But I've
been working on Schauberger tubes.
That's probably the best place to start
when making Schauberger
and doing so using the PKS stuff like
mathematically. So you want to start
with these three geometries with the
tubes. We have the hyperbolic thing. We
have the general cone. And then we have
This was really hard to make, but it's
also easy. Again, just make the
hyperbolic cone cross that's I mean cut
into it and then you can get all of the
nice little geometries you'd like. And
so then you can wrap around that and
make any kind of tube that you like. And
then you get some of the nice little
aftereffects scrolls, right? Okay, so uh
uh wow, I guess I finally did make it to
the end, and I made it to the end
unfortunately going a bit 5 minutes
over. Uh I was going to give some final
remarks. So, I don't think that I have
any, but uh here are the links I have.
My guiltless plug is the inertial
propulsion workshop, which was started
uh Brian St. Clair. It's a nice little
cozy community for those of us who have
been uh doing work. Again, my field of
specialty is in um impulsive solid-state
impulsive systems. So, a lot of times
that roughly translates into inertial
propulsion systems, but I have
distinction and nuance within that
because a lot of people say, "Yeah,
inertial propulsion, I know that." But,
it a lot of the work I've done is very
distinct within inertial propulsion, and
I do make distinctions when I talk about
it. But anyway, um it's a cool community
uh regardless of whatever you're doing,
it doesn't matter. It might not even be
a no sure propulsion, it's trying to
make it more expensive. Uh you're
welcome to come and join us. Uh if you
have any questions for me, you can
always shoot me an email. There's my
YouTube, please give me a subscribe. And
Patreon, I'm still setting up. It would
be nice to get some money's. Um and I
open source all of my work. Uh
ResearchGate has all of my papers and
stuff for anyone who's interested. Uh I
have also kind of branched into other
things, you know, I talk about time a
bit, but that's just because Mach effect
when you treat force as a process, then
mass also is not necessarily uh just
like a simple spherical point cow as you
think, right? And as a computer
scientist, or maybe a fake computer
scientist, maybe more of a vibe computer
scientist these days, right? Cuz I I
have great apathy for many things. Um
I like to explore some physics things
without using physics. So, I used like
for example Leslie Lamport's
uh
He's done incredible work, Leslie
Lamport. And there's a way to talk about
like things related to like Everett in
the many-world theory of quantum
mechanics using the work of Leslie
Lamport. So, I tried to do that. I have
that in a paper up somewhere uh or at
least my crude attempt. I don't even
know if I understand it.
>> [laughter]
>> So, just being completely honest, it
gets really weird and wacky. But,
generally, yeah, I'm into you these kind
of systems. But, I guess that's it.