
=== [PDF p.1] ===


=== [PDF p.2] ===


=== [PDF p.3] ===


=== [PDF p.4] ===


=== [PDF p.5] ===
The truth can flow from lies, but lies
cannot flow from the truth.
Arthur Schopenhauer
Dedicated to my sons Angus Lyne and Matthew Olay
OCCULT ETHER PHYSICS, 4th Revised and Expanded Edition Copyright
1996, 1997, 1998, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012 William R. Lyne all rights reserved
including the right of reproduction
in whole or in part in any form
Text, art and photographs copyright 1996, 1997, 1998, 2009, 2010, 2012.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, by any
means (electronic, recording, photocopying or otherwise) without prior express
written permission of the author. Published by CREATOPIA™
William R. Lyne, 31-B Cerro Circle, Lamy, New Mexico 87540 U.S.A.
Tel./Fax (505) 466-3022
10987654321 Library of Congress
Cataloging in Publication Data Lyne, William R.
Occult Ether Physics
I. Title
P.S. 93-90554
ISBN: 978-0-9854527-1-1
Non-fiction: A re-discovery of what the author calls “occult ether physics”, the
scientific/technical basis for a space-propulsion system invented in the late 19th
century by Nikola Tesla, now used in the secret, exclusively man-made flying
machines known as “flying saucers” or “UFOs”. The government conceals this
invention behind false scientific theories, “space alien” hoaxes, and false
propaganda, disseminated through a controlled mass media. A “UFOlogy”,
“new-age”, “paranormalist”, and “pseudo-debunker” network is covertly
maintained under “national security laws”, to blur the facts of reality and disjoint
inquiry, thus protecting the archaic technology and resources of coercive-
monopolist corporate state interests from the competition of a truly free market


=== [PDF p.6] ===
monopolist, corporate-state interests from the competition of a truly free market.
Chapter VI is the Lyne Atomic Hydrogen Furnace, a 1964 freeenergy invention
of the author.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Preface........................................................................................................7 
Introduction: Nikola Tesla’s Original 1875 Plan..........................................11 
The Real Coverup..............................................................................18 
Chapter 1: The Occult Ether Theory and Electro-propulsion.......................20
Characteristics of Basic Ether Particles.................................................21 
The Cause of the “Inverse Square” Law of Gravity?.............................27
“Tubes of Force”.................................................................................28 
More on Tesla’s “Primary Solar Rays”.................................................29 
An Old Wooden Box and a German Inertial Guidance System.............30 
Low and High Frequency Electrostatic Impulses and Tesla’s Wireless
Transmission of Energy..........................................................40 
Tesla’s TELEFORCE Discoveries.........................................................44 
Chapter II: Exploring the Nature of the Ether.............................................50 
The Early Background..........................................................................50 
J. J. Thomson’s “Electromagnetic Momentum”.....................................52 
Tesla Shows Up....................................................................................53 
Cosmic Motion and Local Momentum.................................................57 
Local Momentum and Celestial Movement...........................................59 
Chapter III: Observations...........................................................................66 
Rub-a-Dub-Dub, Seven Folks in a Hot Tub............................................69 
Comparison to Other Sightings.............................................................72 
Ether and “Ponderable Matter”............................................................75 
Orbiting Planets and Satellites..............................................................79 
Chapter IV: Historical Development of the Theory.....................................80 
Rotatory Motion and the “Screw Effect”...............................................90 
An Electrostatic Charge Carried Around...............................................83 
Chapter V: Tesla and the Good Old Boy’s Club...........................................89 
Tesla’s Dynamic Theory of Gravity.......................................................95 
Tesla’s Secrecy....................................................................................104 
The Nature of Electricity....................................................................107 
CONCLUSION.......................................................................................109
Chapter VI: Free Energy Massacre;
The Lyne Atomic Hydrogen Furnace..................................................115 


=== [PDF p.7] ===
Smokescreens from Academia............................................................123
Another Astounding Proof and More Hydrogen Methods...................129
Atomic Hydrogen Furnace.................................................................134 
How Does it Work?............................................................................138 
Appropriate Use of the Process...........................................................143 
Conclusion.........................................................................................144
PREFACE
The two illustrations which precede the title page are ones commissioned by
Tesla in preparation for his offer of inventions to the U.S. government in 1914,
which was rejected by the government, so Tesla then made his offer to Germany
to which he sold them. After all, a man is entitled to a reward for his work.
This revision was made necessary in order to get closer to the basic details in
regard to Tesla's space propulsion technology. To this end, subtle changes were
required. The previous 3rd revised edition has already experienced suppression
which could only have come from the government through its catspaws. This
revision therefore is to push the envelope even further than before.
There is much consternation today about the words “cult” and “occult”, and
what they mean. Many are worried that their own organizations, groups, or
religions may fall into this category. Since the word “occult” merely refers to
“secret” or “hidden”, it is used by doctors to describe unknown bacteria as being
“occult”. As for a religion, philosophy, organization or other group activity, it is
a “cult” if it utilizes “secret teachings”, made known only to a select few initiates
or “priests”. Therefore, “national security secrets” are occult and hence the name
for this book.
Is it possible that an entire area of physics has been declared virtually “occult”
and “off-limits” to the public or to private individuals, by a powerful deep-black
operations group, so that all science education or data generally available to the
public has been “screened” to eliminate references to it? Is it possible that the
actual science involved in “electro-propulsion” has been replaced with “bogus
science”, which has been promoted and promulgated to the extent that no one
except the ‘esoteric elite’ knows the truth? And if so, has the “occult” science
become the exclusive province of a very few specially selected
corporate/government “scientific priests”?
I began studying this controversy—including the science involved —when I was


=== [PDF p.8] ===
g
y g
y
g
but a child of eight years, in 1946, after interviewing oil field pumpers who had
seen silvery “flying disks” in the remote oil fields in the West Texas and
southern New Mexico desert. At the age of 13, I spent a couple of days visiting
with family friends and their neighbor, astrophysicist Dr. Lincoln La Paz, in
Albuquerque, new Mexico. La Paz was then employed by the U.S. government
to help cover up Nazi flying saucer technology brought to New Mexico after
WW II. My early convictions were later corroborated when I acquired a piece of
hardware from a 1943 German flying saucer at Sandia Base where La Paz
worked.
Since the truth about Tesla’s space propulsion system is based on “ether”
(A.K.A. “aether”) physics, which has been collected, hidden away, or declared
“national security secrets”, or intentionally obliterated by false propaganda
which is so intense that the general public remains unaware of the facts which
are right under their noses, I have dubbed the ether physics ultimately connected
to Tesla’s system “Occult Ether Physics”. This book is dedicated to the
rediscovery of, examination of, and the integration of these secrets into the
public knowledge.
The high priests of this occult knowledge are the elite owners of the coercive
monopolist corporate banking, industrial, mineral and related interests, who in
turn allow the initiation of certain scientists, military and government officials
into their secret teachings only insofar as it is necessary, to execute and maintain
a conspiracy of giant proportions, so that the technology can be classified as a
“state secret” which can be controlled and enforced by means of unconstitutional
“national security laws”, military and civilian legal authority, and police. These
measures are intended to protect the archaic technology and resources controlled
by the elite, from the competition of a truly free market society. This technology
is possessed by all the world’s major governments, so we know that they aren’t
hiding it from each other, they are hiding it from us, the people.
Because of the last 76 or more years of progressively intensifying false
propaganda and manipulation of knowledge and science, a majority of scientists
ridicule the concepts of the existence of an ether and of flying saucers, as if such
thinking belonged in the category of a “flat earth” theory and the “little green
men” from outer space babble, but the reverse is true. The proponents of
Relativism and the Big Bang want you to believe that the universe is finite, so
that, if you go “too far” you will “fall off the universe”, rather than off a “flat
earth”. What’s the difference,? Flat earth...finite universe...they’re both dumb
theories


=== [PDF p.9] ===
theories.
And what do the “little green men” lies—originally told in 1947 by the
government at Roswell—have to do with exclusively manmade electric flying
machines, and technology based on sound and well-established electrical science
and physics, but which, like the existence of the ether, has been tucked away in
secret vaults, to keep you from using it, while you are being fed false and useless
“theories”? These range from “curved space”, “time travel”, Big Bang”, and
“alien abduction” stories, to parallel universe”, “interdimensional travel”,
“worm-holes in space”, and any other outrageously incredible stories, concocted
by government spooks, national security personnel, and secret agents in the
“UFOlogy” and “pseudo-de-bunker” communities (“pseudo-de-bunkers” in my
vernacular are official government spokesmen or scientific know-italls whose
job it is to completely deny the existence of flying saucers, or to ridicule their
other covert government counterparts, the UFOlogists, new-agers, or
paranormalists).
Before you decide there is no ether, or no flying saucers, or before you believe
the often-told “prime time” lies that aliens are “here”, or that time travel is
possible, you should ask yourself whether or not your thinking on these subjects
has been conditioned by Big Brother’s Biggest Lies. If you believe in relativism,
I should point out that “time travel” is an integral part of that, which is a very
incredible impossibility which makes the so-called “science” you rely on a
worthless piece of pseudo-intellectual crap promoted by someone who wanted to
sabotage your mind on behalf of the self-appointed high priests of “Occult Ether
Physics”.
Is your thinking a barometer of thought-control mediocrity? Are you so out of
control of your own metaphysical concepts and epistemology, that you have to
get your thinking from the “canned goods” section of NASA (NAZIA), courtesy
of the CIA’s Office of Scientific Intelligence (“OSI”)? Is your education a frozen
“TV dinner”, prepared by a Secret Government, so you’ll never discover the real
food for thought?
For those of you who may be unfamiliar with my more complete exposition of
the whys, wherefores, whos and other facts concerning the huge volume of false
propaganda designed and disseminated on behalf of the coercive monopolist
corporate state, to conceal flying saucer propulsion and other advanced and “free
energy” technology, you should read my other books-- Pentagon Aliens
(copyright 1993, 1995, 1999 (3rd Edition), ISBN 0-9637467-7-4, and Occult


=== [PDF p.10] ===
Science Dictatorship (copyright 2001, ISBN 0-9637467-8-2.
The flying saucer is a product of Nikola Tesla’s life work, his most
fundamentally important invention, for which he said all his other inventions
were in pursuit of, though you have probably never heard this fact from anyone
else. How do I know? I have documented it in many years of research, tracing
Tesla’s developments and his own words uttered and published during his
lifetime, in scattered, sparse yet sufficient sources, as he placed a crowning
achievement on top the work of the world’s greatest scientific minds of the
nineteenth century, who were Tesla’s inspirations. And this invention has been
concealed above all others by governments throughout the world. But they could
not conceal everything, as there were already bits and pieces of information
which were already widely published before they got their concealment act
together.
It was supposedly proved, on May 29, 1919, “...that we live in a curved four-
dimensional space-time”. Albert Einstein said a massive body spinning in space
“...would drag space and time around with it...”, the origin of so-called “frame-
dragging” and “space curvature”. “Gravity is no longer a mysterious force acting
at a distance but the result of an object trying to travel in a straight line through
space curved by the presence of material bodies”. (Gary Taubes, Relativists in
Orbit , Discover, March, 1997).
Even such theories...relativistic bromides interlaced with such phrases as “the
“fabric of space-time”, “space curvature”, and “frame-dragging”, although off-
the-wall ludicrous, suggest the existence of an ether, albeit an erroneous concept
of the ether.
Since 1919, Nikola Tesla’s propulsive discoveries have been concealed by
government suppression, theft, and ridicule, while theoretical physics has
become a pseudo-scientific mathematical shell-game which bears little new fruit,
and less resemblance to reality. And this highly dubious “pop” physics is
primarily what is spread by the media, while practicing physicists don't have
much time for it. It is time for the truth as far as I am able to determine it.
INTRODUCTION: NIKOLA TESLA’S ORIGINAL 1875 PLAN
Tesla’s original vision, in his 1870s student days, of his “ideal flying machine”,
the realization of which is why he said he entered the field of mechanical
engineering in 1875 in the first place; this was the problem which he had
assigned to himself as his main lifelong work. (Frank Parker Stockbridge, The


=== [PDF p.11] ===
ass g ed to
se
as
s
a
e o g wo
. (
a
a
e Stoc b dge,
e
Tesla Turbine, The World’s Work, March, 1912, pp. 543-48). The ship actually
works on mechanical principles, but is actuated by electrostatic impulses. More
on this later.
Originally anticipating that the electrical power needs for an electrostatically-
actuated mechanical craft would be too great for an on-board power plant (since
his ship was to be devoid of sustaining planes), he initially embarked on
developing his “wireless transmission of power” system, so as to transmit the
power needed from ground-based power generators and stations. The “power”
being transmitted was actually mechanical in nature. Some of these earlier Tesla
ideas turned out to be unnecessary for his flying machine, so he turned them for
appropriate commercial purposes. Since his concept of the ether was of a
relatively low-density one, and his earlier conception of the necessary force was
not nearly so much stronger than the gravitational one as it later turned out to be,
his later discovery that his anticipated electrical power needs were so much
greater than that actually required, led to changes in his craft, and produced
plenty of surplus “spin-off” technologies.
As stated in the Preface, in 1914, at a time when he was in great need of money,
Tesla unsuccessfully attempted to interest the U.S. government in submarine and
propulsion technology. In an article prepared by Tesla but never published, Tesla
said “...we should push the development of flying machines and wireless
transmission of energy without an instant’s delay and with all the power and
resources of the nation”. The immediate association here is between “flying
machines” (not “aeroplanes”) and “wireless transmission of energy”. Tesla had
piles of patents which produced him no money, because the Morgans and
Rockefellers had declared them off limits. No one could borrow money from the
banks to put one of these systems into practice, and anyone who was foolish
enough to do so on their own money could expect the wrath of the gods to come
down on them like lightening bolts from Zeus.
In 1914 Tesla sold his technology to the German Minister of High Marine,
Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz. Tesla had also failed to interest anyone in the
development of his wireless energy transmission system. He made the imminent
discovery that his onboard power needs would not be so great, saying “...weight
is no object”. In 1913 Tesla had obtained a patent on a remarkable turbine he had
invented about 1909, which solved his on-board power needs for his flying
machine. This was probably in view of encouraging developments and
awareness which showed that the electromagnetic interaction is 1040 times


=== [PDF p.12] ===
stronger than the gravitational interaction (George Gamow, Gravity, Anchor
Books, N.Y. [1962], p. 138) According to Hendrick Lorenz, the electrical
attractive force is 2x 1039 times stronger than the gravitational attractive force.
In an interview for a 1912 book, A Boy’s Book of New Inventions - The Tesla
Turbine, Tesla further revealed some details of his system when he stated the
following: “As I told you before when we were talking of the wireless
transmission of power, the mechanism will be a development of the principle
on which my turbine is constructed. It will be so tremendously powerful that it
will make a veritable rope of air above the great machine to hold it at any
altitude the navigators may choose, and also a rope of air in front or in the
rear to send it forward or backward at almost any speed desired. When that
day comes, airship travel will be as safe and prosaic as travel by railroad train
today, and not much very different, except that there will be no dirt, and it will
be much faster. One will be able to dine in New York, retire in an aero
Pullman berth in a closed and perfectly furnished car, and arise to breakfast
in London.”
It was also implied that in producing the “ropes” the Tesla coil was used to
produce rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials to create longitudinal sound
waves in the ether for hundreds of miles through the air. The “equal and opposite
reaction” to these waves was to bring back to the ship what are called “tubes of
force” which carry mechanical momentum and, what Tesla’s description appears
to say, to lock onto a huge mass of ether molecules to pull the ship forward. As I
witnessed on the ship I saw in 1953, an electrostatic envelope surrounded the
ship as it moved without air friction, shock wave or sonic boom at around 36,000
mph. The description in the above quote by Tesla also sounds like a “tractor
beam” technology. The principle of Tesla’s turbine was to use the adhesiveness
and viscosity of rapidly moving gases to propel his turbine blades around.
Applying this same principle to his aircraft would use the adhesiveness and
viscosity of the ether applied through a steady brush discharge, to impart
momentum to pull his ship through space.
There was a change in Tesla’s strategy which seems to have occurred between
this 1912 and 1915 tests of an electro-mechanically powered missile using
wireless energy projected to it by a power beam from the ground. These new
developments were probably spurred on by necessity—the “mother of
invention”—since without a wireless energy system, the prior conception would
be rather useless. The power monopolists could fight that off forever, so Tesla
was left to his own devices unable to count on anyone else Typical for a true


=== [PDF p.13] ===
was left to his own devices, unable to count on anyone else. Typical for a true
genius, when he was thwarted in one direction he found another way.
The earlier conceptions must have been still in Tesla’s mind when he developed
the turbine commercially under the Tesla Propulsion Company slogan, “20
Horsepower Per Pound”, with the intention of also using the turbine to drive one
of his specially designed high frequency alternators to power his ideal flying
machine. After having developed such a light and powerful turbine, which could
turn upwards of 30,000 rpm., with a ten pound unit producing 200 break
horsepower on gasoline, he also designed and received a patent in 1928 for a
new kind of “VTOL” (Vertical Takeoff and Landing)
-type propellor-driven airplane, to be powered by two turbines mounted in
tandem, which would counteract the torque of the prop, and avoid the need for
the stabilizing rotors that helicopters have on their back fuselages. This aircraft,
if built, would have had a superior weight-to-horsepower ratio—perhaps three-
to-one—and would have been fast in level flight, taking off vertically.
On seeing the inefficient heavier aircraft engines then in use, and the
requirements of more cumbersome aircraft with greater wing area but lower
wing-area-to-weight ratios, Tesla apparently wished to commercialize on the
turbine by designing and patenting the new airplane, which specifically used his
turbine, to raise needed capital to complete research and development on his
more expensive flying machine project. In his experiences with prior patents, he
must have learned that a patent would be worthless unless he could get the
needed capital to carry the project out before the patent period expired, and that
the disclosure in a patent would allow others to do so only 17 years after a patent
might be granted to him, during which time his invention could languish for lack
of funding on his part, because the monolithic financial interests were set against
him. And yet there was the patented airplane and no one built it.
While in the initial stages of development, Tesla seemed quite unaware of the
true power of “the force”, until his early field tests proved that it was
“tremendous”. In the years 1893 and 1894, Tesla had “completely worked out”
his Dynamic Theory of Gravity”, that is, at least in “theory”. Inherent to that
theory, was his propulsion system, yet in the formative and theoretical stages. To
publish his theory however, would have been tantamount to disclosing the basic
technology as well, which would have allowed his competitors with more money
and resources to complete and take credit for the most important work of his life,
and the greatest invention of mankind. Tesla lacked the necessary money, and
could not raise it. He could not protect himself by patent, until he completed and


=== [PDF p.14] ===
p
y p
,
p
tested a working model of large enough scale to impress the aircraft industry and
the government. Fatefully, it was during this time of greatest financial need,
when he still had the physical stamina to carry the project out, that he was run
ragged by bill collections and foreclosures, at the behest of J.P. Morgan and his
cohorts, all with the intent of crushing Tesla because he kept coming up with
new electric power systems which made his prior systems obsolete. Since the
newer systems would have ruined Morgan and Rockefeller, and since any
invention which Tesla marketed for great profit would have allowed him the
resources to build more energy systems, he had to be crushed. Tesla never
seemed to fully realize that Morgan’s pseudophilanthropy became nothing more
than a scheme to compromise Tesla’s contract with himself, and a way of falsely
inducing his reliance on others rather than on himself. This treatment set Tesla
back emotionally as well as financially, after he had invested all his cash in his
project, and reduced him at one point to a heap of groveling nerves, literally
begging Morgan to make good on his promises, to no avail, but like all truly
tragic figures, there was a peripides—a reassertion of the tragic hero’s excellent
and untarnished Arturian powers—before he passed heroically into the oblivion
of death, as his discoveries, like the sword Excalibur, sank beneath the waves of
the lake of ‘national security’ lies, to the inurement of corporate greed, coercion
and extortion.
The only power that Tesla seemed to have left, was that of withholding his
discoveries from the world, to protect his secrets from the pilfering paws of the
looters, until and unless he could receive the compensation and credit which he
deserved, but that didn’t matter, because they got it all before his corpse was
cool, and never paid him so much as a dime for his trouble.
After becoming aware of the true power of “the force”—one hundred billion
thousand trillion thousand trillion times stronger than gravity—Tesla began to
pursue the idea of an “on-board” power system for a manned craft to be used for
personal and commercial transportation, with his “wireless transmission of
power” to be relegated to a robotic, remote controlled, electric powered
transmission of mechanical power to a “missile” from the ground, for use in
warfare. After a long period of silence following his field testing of a working
model of the electro-mechanically propelled missile in 1915, Tesla began
referring to the propelling force as “tremendous” in his later announcements
which began in the ‘30s. “Tremendous” does not mean something which reacts
feebly, to barely get off the ground, but to something which rises with great and
astounding force, such as the way I saw a flying saucer perform in 1953...only
t
ft
T
l ’ d
th If “t
d
”
t
thi
lik
i
l


=== [PDF p.15] ===
ten years after Tesla’s death. If “tremendous” meant something like an airplane
or conventional rocket—as the CIA/NASA mis-informers have idiotically
attempted to misconstrue —then what would be the word to describe a force
which propels a flying saucer at 36,000 mph in three seconds?
The words “means of propulsion” used by Tesla in his 1940 interview with
William L. Laurence of the New York Times are of the utmost importance for
those interested in understanding both the misinformation conspiracy as well as
the scanty documentation of Tesla’s concealed discoveries. In their context,
these words denoted something which was different from the autos, planes,
trains and ships then in existence, else why mention them and why would it be
“new”? These words obviously meant an on-board electromechanical means to
be used on his “ideal” flying machine, either manned or unmanned, controlled
“mechanically” by a pilot on board, or “remotely by wireless energy” by a
controller on the ground. It did not refer to a “projectile” such as a “pellet” or
“bullet”, which had no “propulsion system”, and was merely “repelled” by a gun
of some sort, and it did not refer to any kind of aerodynamic “airplane”—hence
Tesla used the term “flying machine”—since his machine was to have no wings,
ailerons, propellers or “outer appurtenances of any kind”. “Propulsion” here
means an on-board system for perpetuation of motion by electromechanical
means supplied with electrical power by either on-board turbine-driven
generator or by mechanical energy and control signals transmitted by power
beam from the ground. The idea of interplanetary travel appealed to Tesla, with
the idea that, so long as the energy for propulsion could be transmitted from the
earth, a space ship would require no fuel tanks. But the term “veritable ropes of
air” raises a question as to whether these ships will work in outer space.
In a letter to his friend and financial supporter B.A. Behrend in the 1930's, Tesla
referred cryptically to what may have been his propulsion discovery: “What I
shall accomplish by that other invention I came specially to see you about, I do
not dare to tell you. This is stated in all seriousness”. Tesla may have been
inferring a plan to discover “other worlds” in outer space, if some version of his
flying machines would work there. We really can’t know for certain how all of
Tesla’s secret inventions worked but the government knows. There seemed to be
some differences between Tesla’s earlier statements and later ones which
indicate that he had several different related inventions and that he may not have
understood himself exactly how some of them worked.
Tesla said that all bodies contain “electrical content” and that they behave as
resonant bodies which interact with rapidly varying electrostatic forces and ether


=== [PDF p.16] ===
p
y
y g
to determine their gravitational interactions and movements in space. These
theories were tested and confirmed to some degree in his 1899 Colorado Springs
experiments. The U.S. government never gave Tesla the time of day, and his
great propulsion discovery slipped into the eager hands of the Nazi elite, when
Wernher von Braun engaged and began development in the “p2 Projekt” at Los
Alamos, New Mexico in 1936. Tesla apparently participated—in fact may have
been the project leader—in these early tests in New Mexico from 1936 to 1938.
Von Braun took the data back to Germany in the Winter of 1937, where research
and development was conducted at Peenemünde in the Baltic, with underground
manufacturing facilities elsewhere in Germany, until these secrets and others
were traded to American corporations and the U.S. government in exchange
under Operation Paperclip, just after the armistice, for amnesty for many war
criminals, along with an agreement for several thousand people to work for the
U.S. government and American corporations. Anyone having important
technical information was protected. The Nuremberg Tribunal was a show trial
which did not prosecute anyone having advanced or “strategic” technical
knowledge or abilities even though they may have been guilty of crimes against
humanity.
I have always associated the ship which I saw up close in 1953 with Tesla
technology, because of the copious electrostatic discharges (which I call “Tesla
discharges”) because it was obviously an electric flying machine, and because
the ship’s precession indicated gyroscopic stabilizers as Tesla emphasized. And
because the ship moved with a force consistent with the fact that the
electromagnetic interaction is 1040 times greater than the gravitational
interaction.
In 1912-14 Tesla mentioned “veritable ropes of air” which “pulled” his ship
through space (there being no “thrusting” from behind) and said that his ship
utilized the same phenomena—the adhesiveness and viscosity of fast moving gas
—as that which propelled his smooth turbine blades around, except in this case
the “gas” he referred to was the ether. He stated that his ship or a missile based
on his system could be “...dropped on any point on the globe” electrically. Is it
possible that Tesla stumbled on something much more powerful when
conducting tests, attempting to use air? Is it possible that J. J. Thomson’s
description of the specific action of the technology involving the ether is more
accurate (that “...the aether is itself a storehouse of mechanical momentum”)?
There are those who have interpreted or will interpret Tesla’s statements as
i g th t hi fl i g
hi
t
h
l g
i
l
tt
f
i g hi


=== [PDF p.17] ===
meaning that his flying machine technology was simply a matter of using his
turbine and Tesla pump to suck air in and shoot it out the rear of the machine to
produce the thrust to “repel” it like a “jet” engine, yet we know this is wrong
because of Tesla’s use of the word “pull”, and there is no way to create a “rope-
like” column of air with only his turbine and pump powerful enough to “pull”
his ship. And there is certainly no technology based on such a primitive idea
which could accelerate a ship to 36,000 mph in three seconds as I observed, with
no sonic boom or shock wave. And with no intake ports or jet nozzles on the
rear. But there is a technology based on Tesla principles which could and did do
so electrostatically, and that technology appears to have been more cogently
described by J. J. Thomson. And it is also possible that what J. J. Thomson
described was partially technology which Tesla was attempting to keep secret.
Thomas Edison joined the Theosophist organization of Madame Blavatsky in
1872. Their main activity seemed to be industrial espionage, concealed behind a
veil of an interest in mysticism. I think Edison used the organization to steal
technology from other inventors. Tesla was invited to join in 1895 and he
refused. His laboratory was burned to the ground soon after his refusal. J. J.
Thomson was also associated with the Theosophists. Was some of the
technology he described obtained from Tesla through Theosophist espionage?
The REAL Cover-up
Ever since Tesla’s saucer discovery came under the control of the U.S.
government in 1945, there has been in effect a false propaganda program—
originally developed by the RSHA VI— Reichsicherheitampt VI, or “National
Security Agency Division 6"— the division of the Gestapo which was invested
with the highest secrets of the German Reich (managed by General Reinhard
Gehlen) which included and controlled in Nazi Germany the equivalent to our
own UFOlogy, new age—and what I call the “pseudo-skeptic misinformation
dissemination network.” The U.S. government simply employed the whole Nazi
saucer counterintelligence apparatus, and it was some of the original Nazi
personnel employed at Holloman, A.F.B., at Alamogordo, New Mexico, who
designed and implemented the 1947 “Roswell Hoax”. Though shadowed with
ostensible military and “national security” vestiges, this cover-up has been
protracted on behalf of a coercive monopolist corporate state— even in Germany
—ever since the acquisition of the secrets by the Nazis, for if the technology had
gotten even into the hands of private Germans at that time, the Nazi state’s days
would have been ever so much more shortly numbered.


=== [PDF p.18] ===
Can you imagine the effect of this kind of transportation technology in private
hands? It would allow the common man to go anywhere in the world, to visit all
the places which he cannot presently afford the airline fare to. Yet a small,
privately-owned flying saucer would cost less than an automobile to build,
would use practically no fuel, would travel thousands of miles per hour, would
last a long time, and would require practically no maintenance.
Can you imagine the effect it would have on totalitarian communist, fascist or
corporate state governments and ‘privileged’ economic interests? Can you see
the bottom drop out of the overpriced real estate market, when it suddenly
became possible to live anywhere, even in places where there are no roads? Can
you see the problems along the borders of countries, if saucers could fly across
and back without checking through “customs”? (The conservatives and
totalitarians are horrified by this possibility, as if our borders do not already leak
like sieves.) The main problems, as you can see, are with the paranoid and
criminal fears of power crazy authorities and coercive monopolist industrial
interests, who would suddenly lose a lot of the power necessary for them to keep
their “jobs” protecting and maintaining the interests of themselves and the
coercive elite of whatever kind.
These considerations are the ones which indicate the perpetrators of any “cover-
up”. There is much talk on TV programs, radio talk shows, newspapers, books,
magazines and videos about a “...coverup of our government doing business with
aliens for fifty years”, etc. But if you can see it on prime-time TV every night of
the week, the only “cover-up” which can be presumed, is one which is opposite
to the one they pretend to be telling you about. Such programs are the cover-up.
The volume of these lies is so great that it is almost incredible, considering the
fact that they are evidence of our own government covertly acting behind the
scenes to lie to us. Whenever government is involved in broadcasting such
trashy BIG LIES to every household in America, it is good cause to ask, “What
else are they lying to us about?”
This book, along with my prior ones, are dedicated to the objective of bringing
this technological secrecy and socio-economic dictatorship to an end. We are
being robbed of our future. This 2010 Edition was called for because between
the Second Edition of 1998 and the present, more information has come to me,
but the original nature of the cover-up has never changed since 1947.
CHAPTER I: THE OCCULT ETHER THEORY AND ELECTRO-
MECHANICAL PROPULSION


=== [PDF p.19] ===
MECHANICAL PROPULSION
The theory which I espouse in this book is based on what can be corroborated
throughout the words and developments of Nikola Tesla and their logically
construed implications, in combination with other special information linked to
that, as presented here and in my prior book, Space Aliens From the Pentagon
(now in its Third Edition as PENTAGON ALIENS). This theory is close to
Tesla’s Dynamic Theory of Gravity, and I like to think that it even suggests
some corrections that Tesla himself made or would have made if we only knew
what is concealed in government vaults.
Like most theories, this theory is incomplete, may contain errors, and will
require further development, tests, corrections, and revisions, either by myself or
by others in the future. I have stated here my basic thinking on the subject up to
this time, which has progressed somewhat since my prior books.
Since this book is for the greatly uninformed public, as well as for the
researcher, I will make an effort to couch it in laymen’s terms —for I am myself
a layman—and will provide some illustrations where helpful, to give a
reasonable grasp of my concepts based on Tesla’s concepts which I have
developed as a consequence of what I have also witnessed. I do this rather than
engage in a “quantum mechanical” mathematical orgy, which is usually
combined with pages of dull equations and numbers which proceed logically
from the contradictory and unproven illogical premises which are so prized by
that ilk. It is as if to say, “Hey! Look at me Ma, I can do lots of math!”
“Ether Physics” by its very nature and name is subatomic physics, which to me
means “sub-protonic” and “sub-electronic”. I am not so concerned with sub-
atomic nuclear particles per se, but rather with what I believe are the finite
building blocks of the proton and electron, which exist within the ether in
simpler form. I will leave all the quarks, muons, mesons, leptons, etc. to the
“Relativistic Quantum Mechanics” (hence “R.Q.M.s”) and their “elegant
equations”.
Characteristics of Basic Ether Particles
The basic ether particle, on order to respond to the negative electrostatic D.C.
Potentials described by Tesla, must have a positive nucleus—a “protette”—and a
negative sub-electron—an “electrette”, and is surrounded by an insulative fluid
as Tesla said. As you may have noticed, this scheme is a scaled-down version of
the basic hydrogen atom with its proton and electron Like most atoms it is


=== [PDF p.20] ===
the basic hydrogen atom, with its proton and electron. Like most atoms, it is
normally neutral and in equilibrium, but is much smaller, being ultra-fine. Due
to its tiny size and neutrality, it can pass easily through solid bodies which it
permeates as it moves, yet the ether as a whole behaves like a solid in respect to
rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials of specific frequencies, from the infra-red
through the visible light frequencies, which disturb its equilibrium, yet, though
we can feel it, it appears to be transparent and invisible to the naked eye.
Like hydrogen gas, there is some elasticity, so it is “elastic” as Tesla said, but is
incompressible. Due to the tiny size, so called “empty space” is virtually packed
with this very fine matter, which oscillates at such high frequencies—well
beyond that of x-rays—yet the tiny size and normal neutrality allows it to
penetrate “solid mass”—which is mostly “space” (which is also saturated with
ether which must be moved through by a mass). And as J. J. Thomson said, “The
ether is the storehouse of mechanical momentum”.
Since interstellar space is equivalent to a vacuum containing little gaseous matter
of the conventional type—such as a Lenard tube in which charges easily move—
ether-filled interstellar space is permeated by charges moving freely along frozen
magnetic lines of force as Hannes Alfvén said.
Ether-packed space is also omni-directionally interpenetrated by ultra-fine
radiation, which Tesla called “Primary Solar Rays”, which Tesla said were
positive particles propelled by enormous repulsive forces in stars. I think these
Primary Solar Rays may constantly “twang” the electron clouds of atomic
matter, creating or powering “electron orbits”, which may be in fact standing
waves in the undulating layers of particulate electronic clouds surrounding atoms
and molecules. Since the matter with which these electron clouds are associated
is in constant motion, the clouds are currents, since a “charge carried around is a
current”. The driving force behind the currents appears to be the motion and the
Primary Solar Rays, also by a conversion of weak forces into strong ones. Any
lost momentum is ‘made up’ by the Primary Solar Rays and the conversion of
weak to strong forces, the ultimate source of extra force (“free energy”) needed
to make up for the losses in the universe. The conversion of weak forces into
stronger forces will do more work in the same period of time. The Primary Solar
Rays are an example of this process. With the UFO, the gravitational, kinetic
force of a turbine propelled by chemical reaction is converted into electrostatic
force which is much stronger than gravity. This is free energy.
The ether must have an almost balanced charge-to-mass ratio, and respond to
b h
i i
d
i
l
i
i l
T
l
id h
i i


=== [PDF p.21] ===
both positive and negative electrostatic potentials. Tesla said the positive or
negative aspects depended on the conditions. Electrostatic generators provide a
good example of the electrical behavior of the ether. At sufficiently high
voltages the positive and negative dynamic sub-charges are separated by
magnetic fields and condensed as electrons and “holes”. There is some unknown
underlying reason why these charges are of specific magnitude, which is yet to
be explained, but the quantum theory— originated by ether physicist Max
Planck—practically admits that there are subdivisions of basic electrical charges,
and that electrons are not “indivisible”. This is one basic bone of contention,
since if electrons are divisible, Relativism must fall. I think the “basic charge”
which has been perceived as that of the electron, appears to be time-related,
since electrical current moves virtually at the same speed as light, therefore my
opinion is that the electron charge is probably the quantity of charge
accumulated from a discrete number of negative sub-charges carried by ether
over some discrete unit of time due to the positive mass units of ether composing
a proton. This may in turn reflect the distance traveled through space of a proton
during that time, with the charges circulating as a current between the ether and
grosser matter.
High voltage force—either in electrostatic impulses or in radiation—is
apparently necessary to force the ether to form momentum-carrying tubes of
force, as an ‘equal and opposite reaction’. The principle applies to Tesla’s
propulsion system, which was a sort of electro-mechanical one. Strong, high
voltage, negative charges are necessary to penetrate the insulating fluid
surrounding the ether to react with the positive ether mass to cause the “inertia
resistance” of the ether to be “asserted” as Tesla said, so as to access its mass—
and that of the atmospheric gases locked to it—to be possibly pulled against by
the ship. The screwing force of tubes of force which rotate around irrotational
vacuous ether cores may be the “positive mechanical action” referred to by Tesla
and the “pulling force” involved. Unless the tubes of force are dissolved in the
conductors of the ship imparting momentum to it, as J. J. Thomson said (more
on this later). The tubules could be the product of the rotation imparted by a
magnetic field to electrical currents, which are consolidated to effect changes in
momentum.
The rapidly-varying electrostatic forces emanating from the earth rigidify the
ether within the earth’s electric field, which may form a virtual stationary anchor
which an electro-mechanical craft may possibly lock onto to propel itself
through space. Although the ether ‘anchors’ are stationary relative to the earth
and carried along by the earth’s electric field this carry-along ether has a


=== [PDF p.22] ===
and carried along by the earth s electric field, this carry-along ether has a
velocity of many thousands of miles per hour relative to the ether outside the
earth’s electric field. Just as the so-called “gravity field” diminishes as the
square of the distance, the relative movement of the ether decreases outside the
earth’s electric field.
If gross matter is formed of ether particles, what is the “mortar” which holds
them together? Tesla said the ether was particles within an “insulating fluid”.
This fluid is apparently what ‘wets’ positive bodies and particles as a ‘perfect
fluid’ which flows everywhere. Does it have viscosity and adhesiveness? If it
does then forcing the incompressible medium past or through the ship could be
the key, sort of like swimming under water.
While the ether is invisible to the eye—because its period of vibration is beyond
the visible frequencies—it is not imperceptible. As we move, we can feel the
ether accelerating, decelerating, or changing directions within our bodies. When
running, we feel the resistance (“inertia”) created within the atoms of our body,
as a response to changes in momentum, as the tubes of force are forced in
different directions or in accelerating or decelerating pathways through the
atoms and molecules of our body. Once we reach a constant velocity, we can
feel how the tubes of force ‘bore’ through our mass, delivering the momentum
the ether carries, which tends to carry us along in level and straight lines (the
paths of least resistance). Once in constant velocity we must supply only
whatever momentum is shed through wind or mechanical friction or erratic
movement, in order to maintain constant velocity, and we can feel all this. We
can also see the effects of the ether in the behavior of everyday objects—the way
they resist changes in movement, fall, accelerate, gain momentum, tumble, roll,
collide, shatter, bounce, or come to rest. I analogize a solid mass to a flock of
geese, maintaining its “formation” (“shape”) as it flies trough the air (ether) as a
single unit:


=== [PDF p.23] ===
Newton’s laws fail to tell us “why” gravity exists, what forces create it, or why
the force varies “directly proportional to the masses, and inversely proportional
to the square of the distance between (the centers of the) bodies”. If gravity is a
force at a distance, why would a body in outer space be completely free of it?
Why would the force of gravity between the earth, for example, and the moon,
not affect a body floating in outer space between the two? If that were true,
would the force selectively pass through the body without affecting it? This fact
negates Newton’s laws. Even Newton explicitly admitted that his laws failed to
address causes, and only claimed to mathematically describe “apparent effects”.
But what may “appear” to be true may not be all or any of the truth.
“Electrical content” is inherent to all solid matter. Atoms contain nuclei
composed of positive protons and neutral neutrons (neutered by the tightly
bound electrons within them). Around these nuclei are negative electrons. All
matter which contains electrostatic charges and is in motion, represents “electric
charges carried around”, hence currents, which create magnetic fields. Since
magnetic fields impart rotation to electromagnetic fields, this creates rotatory
electromagnetic tubules within the ether within the fields. These tubules rotate
around irrotational vacuous cores in space and within solid bodies relative to
their motions, and are aligned by the relative motion along the axis of a uniform
or changing movement, and impart momentum when dissolved in a body. While
at any given time the pitch and diameter of a micro-helix is fixed, it involves a
logarithmic spiral or vortex either inward or outward each time the velocity
changes, and the pitch resists, then adjusts to the new momentum or direction.
But with Tesla’s system this polarity of movement can be changed


=== [PDF p.24] ===
But with Tesla s system this polarity of movement can be changed
electromagnetically, so that all the internal reactions can be instantly reoriented,
thus eliminating such things as centrifugal force and inertia, created by the
tendency to remain in a particular state of motion.
According to Tesla, the earth and all electrostatically charged bodies have a
maximum negative surface charge of approximately 20 esu/cm2 (20 electrostatic
units per square centimeter), an atmospheric phenomenon due in part to the
ionizing effects of cosmic radiation and lightening. The relatively non-
conductive, insulating and dielectric properties of the atmosphere play a part.
Beneath the earth’s surface charge, the semi-conductive crust contains a vast
ocean of surplus electrons. The earth’s surface charge is more or less a constant,
due to the earth’s surface area, varying somewhat by altitude due to the changes
in atmospheric pressure and moisture content of the air, as well as the incidence
of cosmic radiation and its frequencies. This charge leaks upward constantly but
is maintained by lightening.
The nuclei of all atoms—including hydrogen—possess net positive charge. This
is because the basic positive charge of a proton exceeds slightly the magnitude
of the basic negative charge of the electron. Hydrogen, with its single proton and
single electron, has the highest charge-to-mass ratio and the lowest gravity of all
elements. As one moves up Mendeleev’s periodic table of elements,
progressively increasing in complexity and mass number above hydrogen,
elements possess progressively lower charge-to-mass ratios, since the
comparative ratios of electrons match the number of only the protons in the
nuclei. Yet since the neutrons are not negative, they add to the positive mass
relative to the atom, but contribute nothing to effective electrical charge, and the
ratio of neutrons and mass increases up the chart. In relation to the earth, this
leaves an excess positive mass, the semi-conductive surface of which is capable
of receiving and maintaining a negative charge surplus, mostly brought to earth
by the thousands of lightening bolts per second, and retained due to the dielectric
and insulating properties of the atmosphere.
The constant electrical discharges from the atmosphere by lightening are driven
by the cosmic rays and motion of the earth, which converts the electrostatic
charges to currents. This was confirmed by H.A. Rowland’s experiment. Since
atmospheric gases are insulators, the mostly alkaline, semi-conductive crust of
the earth is largely an electron donor material, which maintains a large reservoir
of negative charges insulated by the atmosphere. Cosmic rays striking the
rarified light gases of the ionosphere, maintain the ionosphere’s positive charge.
Th
i
h
f h
h
hil
j
d
l b
h


=== [PDF p.25] ===
The excess negative charges of the earth are meanwhile ejected constantly by the
rapidly-varying electrostatic discharges (the “microwaves”) which Tesla
discovered. The effects of gravity also helps, since helium and hydrogen, both
light, electropositive gases, gravitate to the ionosphere. Between the ionosphere,
ca. 620 miles above, and the earth’s surface, there is a gradient of ca. 150
volts/meter, totaling about 176 million volts, creating a considerable electric
field, but the electric field extends far beyond the ionosphere. This electric field
creates electrical displacement in the ether within it. The effects of the electric
field on the ether is almost instantaneous, since near the speed of light, as the
ether passes from “free space” into mass, where the gravitational force is exerted
downward, toward the source of the electric field. The relative weakness of the
so-called gravitational force however might be due to bodies on earth being
pulled upward due to the downward motion of the tubes of force being brought
down by the rapidly-varying electrostatic discharges from the earth.
There is no significant gravitational effect of earth’s field above this electric
field. Since earth’s magnetic field encompasses the moon, so does the electric
field. When the ether is placed within a strong electric field, it is polarized and
the negative charges on it are attracted by the positive pole (ionosphere) and
repelled by the negative pole (earth). The effect of these attractive/repulsive
forces is to “displace” the ether, and to place the dielectric atmosphere and the
ether within a strain. Tesla and other ether physicists said this strain was the
cause of gravitational effects.
The Cause of the Apparent “Inverse Square” Law of Gravity?
As earth spins, the surface velocity—and the atmospheric velocity with it—at
any point varies according to its distance from the earth’s axis. An object sitting
at sea level moves slower than a body on top Mt. Everest. The voltage potential
between the atmospheric gases at higher altitude and the ionosphere is lower, but
the voltage potential between the atmosphere and the surface of Mt. Everest is
higher, which, along with lower air pressure explains the increased coronal
discharges on mountain tops.
The differences in these electrical potentials illustrates why there are differences
in relative displacement of the ether within both earth’s “gravity field” and
within bodies moving within that field, with a degree of displacement which is
directly proportional to difference in so-called “gravitational force” and the
dielectric strain.


=== [PDF p.26] ===
This comparison suggests that a body at a higher altitude and velocity has a
lower gravity because the electric field has a lower displacing influence on the
ether . This is pertinent to electropropulsion because we must diminish, reverse,
magnify and otherwise control this displacement in order to instantly synthesize
and control inertia, momentum, and “gravity”. This displacement influences the
momentum because it affects the vibrating microhelical tubules and the way they
“bore” through etheric space. “Gravity” appears to be a product of the resistance
to a change in ether displacement. The reason why a moving sphere when
charged experiences an increase in its “virtual mass”—that is, an increase in the
work required to move it, but not an increase in its gravity—is because the
“Faraday cage” effect of the increased charges tends to increase the resistance to
the movement of the mass through the ether, apparently effected by the negative
surface charges on the sphere.
Tubes of Force
Due to the cosmic motion of earth, electrostatic, molecular charges become
currents, which create magnetic fields within atoms, molecules, and sometimes
ponderable bodies such as iron. As stated before, as earth moves through the
ether, rapidly-varying electrostatic impulses from the earth rigidify the ether
within earth’s electric field, causing the ether within the field to be carried along.
The tubes—what Tesla called “moving molecules”—may function like drills,
tending to bore straight paths at a constant pitch and linear velocity, around
irrotational vacuous cores (consistent with Newton’s laws for inertia and
momentum). Any change in direction or velocity would apparently be met by a
resistance (“inertia”). Since all mass is already in motion, it always has
momentum, acquired from the ether. The inertia exhibited by a body at rest
relative to earth is apparently a product of its momentum, so this inertia is really
momentum. Inertia is therefore a resistance of a body to change in its state of
momentum. The two words are used in different ways, to define “relative
changes” in velocity and/or orientation, but no body is “at rest”.
Since the ether near the spinning earth is subjected to the negative impulses (the
“current”) and the positive mass of the earth, the ether forms tubes of force
which are attracted downward. With the theory of the moving tubes of force a
mass acquires momentum from the tubes entering it. Under this reasoning, a
body sitting at relative rest on the surface of the earth would be attracted
upwards. So what attracts the body downward? Could it be that the momentum
through space that the body already has is somehow being re-directed downward


=== [PDF p.27] ===
through space that the body already has is somehow being re directed downward
by the earth’s electric field? Could the momentum from the tubes of force which
carry the body through space along with the earth be partially deflected
downward by vertical tubes of force? If gravity is the product of a body’s
reaction to the ether’s resistance to a change in its momentum, transferred to a
mass due to its constantly changing movement, orientation and velocity as it
moves through universal ether-filled space, gravity could be explained. The
explanation provided by Sir William Thomson and Nikola Tesla are given later
in this book.
More on Tesla’s Primary Solar Rays
According to Tesla, in addition to the ether all space is omnidirectionally
interpenetrated by ubiquitous “Primary Solar Rays”, particles repelled by
positive forces, causing extremely high velocity and energy. This is electrostatic
inductance, using repulsive rather than attractive forces. These rays are the
product of particles which are projected by the enormous voltages of stars,
including our sun. They may be similar to what contemporary physicists have
called Zero Point Radiation (“ZPR”). One scientist has attributed so-called
“blackbody radiation” to the ZPR (T.H. Boyer, Derivation of Blackbody
Radiation Spectrum Without Quantum Assumptions, Phys. Rev. 182 [5], pp.
1374-83 [1969]). Boyer also found that a nonlinear dipole can absorb energy
from particular modes of the ZPR spectrum (Random Electrodynamics: The
theory of classical electrodynamics with classical electromagnetic zero-point
radiation, Phys. Rev. D 11 [4], pp. 790-808 [1975]). Another scientist claimed to
measure the energy density of ZPR at 1094 grams/cm3 , for individual
fluctuations of random ZPR, on the scale of the Planck length (10-33 cm.), by
means of a standard radiation detector, the frequency response of which was
specially altered to extend into the super high frequency spectrum involved (J.
A. Wheeler, Geometrodynamics, Academic Press, N.Y. [1962]). In my final
chapter, I detail what I think is the extraction of Primary Solar Ray energy in the
atomic hydrogen process.
These particular researches of 1962 to 1975 are ex post facto, coming long after
Tesla’s great discoveries. They merely confirm that, in order for such intense
radiation to pass through space packed with an even finer ether, probably
consisting of ultra-fine bundles of positive mass, surrounded by negative charges
and an “insulating medium”, as well as passing through other planets and the
earth, it would require the enormous force that Tesla described which is
generated in stars like our sun, propelling tiny particles which do not react with
h
h
i
d
l
i h
i
i l
hi h
ll


=== [PDF p.28] ===
the ether in space, and only react with certain materials which we call
“radioactive materials”. This reminds me of the multifrequency response of
interlinked tetrahedronal silicon dioxide crystals which make up solid quartz
crystals, which can be cut to respond to a wide variety of frequencies.
If the Primary Solar Rays pass through space and mass—which we know is
mostly “space”—and they react with so-called “radioactive materials” as Tesla
said, what is it about the structures of radioactive materials which causes them to
capture the energy of the Primary Solar Rays and to emit radiation? And if so,
wouldn’t the development of technology to convert the force of these particles to
usable energy be an excellent way to supply all our energy needs?
I have previously mentioned a technology which can use radioactive emissions
to ionize air and to separate high-energy alpha and beta particles with a magnetic
field to produce a huge output of electrical energy.1
In reiteration, Tesla’s propulsion utilizes externally projected electrostatic
impulses of high voltage and frequency to “rigidify” and cause the ether to assert
its “inertia resistance”, combined with (polarized) rotatory electromagnetic tubes
of force, which instantaneously impart momentum to propel a spacecraft.
An Old Wooden Box and a German Inertial Guidance System
In 1979, at a Santa Fe flea market, I examined an old wooden box belonging to
an elderly Pojoaque man who had been employed as a workman in 1937 at a
secret project called “p2" at nearby Los Alamos, which was run by Nikola Tesla
and Wernher von Braun. The man had built the box to carry tools used in his job
there. He had carved in “New Mexico folk style” a “map” on the lid of the box
showing the highways, the location and name of the project, the symbol for the
project (a triangle with a dot in its center) which was apparently a symbol for the
Prussian/Masonic “Illuminati” of which von Braun was a member, and the date
of the project. This information was corroborated by my friend Peter van Dresser
who confirmed that von Braun was involved in a German research project at Los
Alamos at that time. Pojoaque, where the old man lived, is prominently shown as
a large “P” with a zia sign around it. The zia sign is an ancient symbol used by
the Zia American Indian tribe to denote the sun, which they worshiped:
1 1. PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY, E. A. Moelwyn-Hughes, Pergamon Press, Oxford, 1965. Page 224:
“Rutherford and Geiger found the number of α-particles ejected per second from 1 g of radium was 3.4 x
1010 (k=1.26 x 1041 sec.4 , later determined by Madam Curie at 1·38 x 10-11 )”. Each particle carries two


=== [PDF p.29] ===
units of positive electricity. This will produce 34 zillion α-particles per second, at 4.5 Mev. The number of
charges per second, yields a hugh amperage which, when stepped down to normal 120 VAC, is staggering.
Page 230: “1 atom of radium expels one αparticle producing 1.5 billion ions, at 4.5 Mev”. Page 231: “One
α-particle has more than sufficient kinetic energy to bring about all the ionizations which stand to its
credit”, and is “...quantitatively sound”.
When von Braun arrived from Germany he was accompanied by 16 top Nazi
scientists. Dr. Robert Goddard, who shared American Rocket Society technology
with von Braun, purportedly left the project and returned to his workshop at
Mescalero when he realized that von Braun’s interest was in Nazi military
applications. Von Braun was able to acquire the new rocket engine design from
the Rocket Society’s publication, Astronautics , which he acquired from Dr.
Robert Goddard.
(NOTE: There has been no publically-available information whatsoever on this
project and those at Los Alamos who later conducted the Manhattan Project
apparently had no idea as to what the old barn used by Tesla and von Braun in
the “p2 Projekt” was for, or that it had an historical significance, until my first
book was published in 1993. The barn had been rented from Spanish Land Grant


=== [PDF p.30] ===
heirs by the p2 Project about 1934. Around 1979, LASL, not knowing what it
was used for, had cleaned out the contents of the old barn, removed all the
copper wire used on the coil forms, and sold the contents to salvage dealers. It
was obvious that the old wooden forms, which were mostly rough sawn planks
connected together with dowels, were Tesla coil forms. I purchased two bases
used for tuning coils, which had the coils removed from them. Handwriting in
pencil on the forms matches that of Nikola Tesla. After reading my book, Los
Alamos National Laboratory personnel went to one of the nearby salvage dealers
and retrieved the contents which he had purchased. He apparently had taken
everything except the forms which I had purchased because nobody else was
interested in them, or had large enough trucks to carry them away. The old barn
with all its recovered contents (except my two bases) is now preserved under
lock and key for historical purposes.)
The weekend in 1979 following my viewing of the old wooden box at the Santa
Fe Flea Market, I went to an Albuquerque salvage company, “King’s Surplus
City”, on east Central Avenue, where I often bought military surplus things
related to my research and inventing, and was pleased to find a very unusual pile
of material stacked in a separate little pile. On top the pile was a device which I
immediately recognized as a type of navigational “compass” which would be
required on the early flying saucers I had witnessed during my back yard sleep-
outs in Kermit, Texas, between 1949-53, which turned in increments or
multiples of thirty degrees. The device showed thirty-degree increments, and had
fourteen contacts—twelve for each of the directions, and two for the six-volt
motor which rotated the compass ring to indicate the correct flight heading. The
label showed it was manufactured on Oct. 1, 1943, in lot 127-178 (52 devices),
for a project named “KT-p2". (I interpret this as “Kurskreisel-Tochterkompass -
p2" which in English would mean “Navigational-Gyro Slave-Compass - p2".
The device was called a “Peiltochterkompass” (a “polar slave compass”), which
was controlled by signals from a “Meisterkurskreisel” (a “master navigational
gyro”), which means that the device was half of an inertial guidance system,
which requires a master gyro for its completion. The navigational master gyro,
mounted on gimbals, was pointed at the Pole Star—either Polaris or Arcturus—
and maintained the true north heading no matter where on earth the ship flew.
Contacts on the gyro sent signals to the twelve contacts on the slave compass to
tell it which of the twelve 30°-increments the ship was following. When the ship
changed directions, a small D.C. electric motor came on and rotated the flight
heading ring to the correct direction in relation to the Master Gyro.


=== [PDF p.31] ===
Development of the systems was imperative for the flying saucer, since a
magnetic compass would be worthless due to the “Faraday cage” effect of the
electric field surrounding the saucer, which would block out the magnetic field
of the earth. The master gyro was calibrated to the Pole Star prior to takeoff, and
would continue to hold that position during flight, so that the “slave” (“-tochter”
or “daughter”) would have that as a reference, in order to actuate the six-volt
motor and turn the geared compass heading ring to reflect the correct direction
of flight, in 30-degree increments. This particular type of Peiltochterkompass
was used on a circular ship which could turn peripherally—in 360 degrees,
frontwards, sideways, backwards, etc., in increments or multiples of 30 degrees
—while other devices were used on some of the latest types of German “V” (for
“Vergehtungswaffen” or “Revenge-Weapons”) rockets, which carried neutron
bomb warheads, and were fired from underwater from special small Lafferenz
Project submarines which were towed behind the latest “Electro-U-Boats” used
in the final “Stalemate” which I detailed in the third edition of Space Aliens
From the Pentagon ( Pentagon Aliens ). This submarine missile delivery
system had been tested (prior to the Stalemate ) in the Baltic by Dr. Ernst
Steinhoff, who died in Alamogordo, New Mexico in the 1990s.
This type of (now) relatively primitive navigation system was one which I knew
had to have existed at the time of my 1946-47 night time sightings, in which the
squadrons of high altitude flights from New Mexico turned in increments of 30
degrees. Similar systems were used in American military aircraft during WW II,
but those systems were not designed to facilitate instantaneous sharp turns in 30-
degree increments in the 360-degree range. Those devices were also not
designed to be mounted horizontally as this one was, but were mounted on the
vertical faces of instrument panels.
Tesla's ships were all of what I call the “linear” type, long and narrow. The
Germans apparently contributed the circular or “saucer”-type ships, unless
Tesla's designs which are presently concealed by government secrecy contain
that type.
During my graduate school years in the department of art at the University of
Texas, 1965-70, I often drew hypothetical diagrams of such a navigational
compass.
Several years after I had published photographs of the KT-p2, there were web
pages placed on the Internet by a German source--apparently our own CIA----
which attempted to fabricate a different use for the devices in order to


=== [PDF p.32] ===
which attempted to fabricate a different use for the devices, in order to
counteract what I have said about it and to debunk me. The fatal error of this
misinformation is the obvious omission of a “master” gyro which signaled the
“slave” compass the true north heading by which it could navigate. Without the
master compass the device would not only not be a slave compass, it would be
inoperable. That omission shows the misinformation to be what it is, lies.
Perhaps the agents who created the misinformation were not given access to
those complete secrets because of “compartmentalization”. It is however a fact
that the devices, combined with other devices, were also adapted to other uses,
such as the following into England of the VOR beams projected over England by
the Allies to carry out night bombings over Germany.
The following photographs are of the 1943-vintage Nazi Kurskreisel-
Tochterkompass—also labeled a Peiltochterkompass — which came from
classified salvage at Sandia Base in Albuquerque:


=== [PDF p.33] ===
The letters “p2", which designated the 1936-38 project (two years when von
Braun was in New Mexico before WW II) run by Tesla and von Braun, were
incorporated into the official secret namedesignation for the Nazi flying saucer
project in 1943 Germany and displayed on the navigational Peiltochterkompass.
“p2" is apparently a combination of rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials
which initiate the propulsion of the ship and high-frequency currents which are
used to aid in this according to Tesla theory. More on this later.
As explicitly detailed in Space Aliens From the Pentagon (repeated in Pentagon
Aliens), in 1957, as an Air Force member of the 26th Strategic Reconnaissance
Wing, SAC, Lockborne AFB, Ohio, with a Top Secret Clearance, I saw the
original 16 mm reels of intelligence film made during WW II by my 8th Air
Force Intelligence group in 1943, during the night-time bombing raids of the


=== [PDF p.34] ===
g
g
p
g
g
g
industrial center at Schweinfürth, Germany. That film was made by members of
my same group during WW II, and the original film was in our film library. The
B-17 bombers were “buzzed” by small, one-man type Tesla flying machines,
which flew at very high speeds around the bombers, apparently in order to draw
the fire of the gunners and interfere with their missions. This was a tactic
apparently designed to distract the gunners so the “Komets”— Messerschmitt
rocket planes—could get in close to use their 30 mm cannons on the bombers.
In the spring of 1945, as Russia closed in on Berlin, General George Patton took
a special armored group deep into territory encircled by the Russians to the Nazi
rocket research center at Peenemünde, on the Baltic. Attached to this group,
disguised as “tank commanders”, were Army intelligence officers specially
tasked to retrieve all flying saucer materials and/or destroy the same at that
project, along with retrieval of any technical drawings, etc., of strategic
importance, before the area could be captured by Russian troops. On discovering
200 celestial guidance systems deep underground in a salt cave, General Patton
was infuriated on being ordered to destroy the systems by his superiors, saying
he could successfully get them back behind Allied lines, and being unaware of
the fact that the technical drawings and specifications for the systems, as well as
functional Nazi flying saucers were already in American possession. The
documentation which I found of this trip to Peenemünde by Patton and his group
has been removed from all war histories. The “fix” to hide the saucers was
already on in 1945. And who are the authors of this fix?
Subsequent to my purchase of the Peiltochterkompass, security agents learned of
my possession of it and knowledge of what it was, so they went to Mark King,
son of the owner of King’s Surplus City, and grilled him. He showed them a bill
of sale from Sandia Base, pursuant to his purchase of the small pile of salvage
from a Sandia Base employee who usually brought salvage from that base to sell
to him. As it turned out, the man, who was under secrecy orders as an employee
of that base, had stolen a pile of classified salvage and sold it for his own profit,
using a “double-receipt” process intended to cover his tracks, but the security
people at Sandia put the man under surveillance, caught him doing it again, and
charged, convicted and jailed him.
They could not get the device back from me, because I was an “innocent
purchaser”, and because it would confirm the stillclassified purpose of the
device, in violation of security orders.
I had purchased an inertial guidance system from a 1943 Nazi flying saucer


=== [PDF p.35] ===
I had purchased an inertial guidance system from a 1943 Nazi flying saucer,
which was subsequently brought to Sandia Base in 1945 under Operation
paperclip, along with over 116 scientists and over 15,000 German military and
technical personnel, brought to New Mexico as part of a secret ‘deal’, made
prior to Operation Paperclip pursuant to a Stalemate, during which 24 German
Electro-U-Boats, towing Lafferenz subs carrying rockets with neutron bomb
warheads, in attacks concentrated on New York City. The first six of these boats
in the first attack were bombed and destroyed. The remaining 18 in a second
attack managed to coerce a secret conditional surrender for the German Third
Reich.
This secret surrender was negotiated between President Truman and Admiral
Karl Döenitz by radio telephone conducted through an intelligence Electro-U-
Boat which was located off the coast of New Jersey and was revealed to be sunk
there in a TV program (Nova or History Channel) in the late 1990s. Pursuant to
that secret surrender, a provision was that the captains of the remaining 18 U-
Boats went to the bottom with all hands on board. Consistent to this scenario
evidence in that sub was that the captain had ordered an explosive charge
detonated in the conning tower taking the sub to Davy Jones’ Locker,
presumably while the crew sang “Deutschland Über Alles”. An underwater view
of the conning tower showed that the explosive charge had been placed inside
the conning tower as the surface was blown outward from it.
As to the question of what “p2” meant scientifically, a similar designation was
used by Tesla to denote “potentials”. I think it refers to the use of rapidly-
varying electrostatic potentials in one direction to draw in the tubes of force to
impart momentum to the ship and high frequency A.C. in the opposite direction
to block the ether and stop the tubes from moving completely through the ship.
The drawing below is derived from information contained in Tesla’s 1890s
lectures and excerpted later in the part of this book regarding Tesla’s “Dynamic
Theory of Gravity”, insofar as I am able to reconstruct it, since the actual theory
was unpublished by Tesla.


=== [PDF p.36] ===
For horizontal motion or buoyancy, there must be, attached to the Tesla coil,
emitter plates which create the sound waves in the ether with rapidly-varying
electrostatic potentials. The frequency must not be as high as the microwave
range, as the waves would not penetrate the shell. I see no reason why it is not
possible for these emitter plates to be placed inside the outer shell of the ship,
shooting the waves through the shell to the outside. These plates must have thick
layers of high dielectric---such as barium titanate---on their backsides, so the
waves are emitted only on one side in the direction desired. When a plate is flat,
the waves are parallel; when convex, fan-shaped; and when concave, focused
(such as for tractor-beams, to pull smaller objects to the ship).
A variable-concavity plate could focus on objects at various distances from the
ship, as desired. This would be a mechanical problem.
This seems to explain some of the puzzling maneuvers of the ships observed by
many. Meanwhile, a lower, rapidly-varying electrostatic potential may be placed
on the entire ship's surface to “lubricate” it as it moves through the atmosphere
without friction or sonic boom, while the directional waves are shot through this.


=== [PDF p.37] ===
This hypothesis appears to agree with what has been observed.
This technology has been highly developed for over seventy years since the early
days at Los Alamos, years before the Manhatten Project came onto the scene.
I could only assemble parts of Tesla's technology like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle,
from smaller statements he made at various times regarding it. As you can see in
this drawing, based on Tesla’s statements, there is some conflict between an
ether which is supposedly “incompressible” versus the fact that Tesla sometime
referred to “compression” of the ether by high frequency alternating current
emissions in the atmosphere. I think he meant by this that the space between
ether particles was eliminated. As you will see in the drawing, both the negative
electrostatic ‘brush’ electrode and the A.C. ‘compression’ electrode would direct
the ether carriers in the tubes of force through the mass of the ship from the
negative electrode, and cause them to be dissolved in the conductors of the ship,
imparting momentum to the ship, similar to what J. J. Thomson said. The
electrode on the left would create a “veritable rope of air” so that, when paired
with the opposite A.C. electrode on the right, would accelerate the ether carriers
through the mass of the ship, dissolving them and propelling the ship. Tesla
described this as a “pulling” action (not a “repulsive” action).
Many of Tesla’s tests and experiments in Colorado were related to his
propulsion system. A rapidly-varying electrostatic (D.C.) potential, according to
Tesla, at one end of the ship creates sound waves in the ether which somehow
draw in the momentum-carrying tubes of force. Meanwhile, a high frequency at
the opposite end of the ship creates a positive potential according to Tesla, which
causes the tubes of force at that end to be blocked, so that the tubes of force at
the opposite end are accelerated into the mass of the ship and its contents, to be
dissolved in the conductors to impart momentum to the ship. While the ship may
be accelerated or turned so fast that a normal person inside might be crushed, the
technology must operate in such a way that every atom of the ship is accelerated
with the same force, in the same direction, at the same time, so that no excessive
force is experienced by a passenger. There was research in Germany during the
war which discovered that a pilot in the prone position could withstand six times
the G-forces as a pilot in the normal sitting position, but this could not explain
the hairpin turns of the ship I witnessed in 1953.
Low and High Frequency Electrostatic Potentials And Tesla’s Wireless
Transmission of Energy


=== [PDF p.38] ===
Low frequency radio waves can pass through solid bodies, and tend to “hug the
earth”, while high frequency waves don’t readily penetrate solid bodies, causing
a “skin effect” on them, and don’t “hug the earth”, but tend rather to travel
outward away from the earth in straight lines. In his Colorado Springs
Experiments, Tesla was the first person to investigate high voltage waves of high
and low frequency, and their terrestrial, atmospheric and solid-body effects. But
remember, Tesla was working with a completely new type of wave, not
electromagnetic ones but longitudinal pressure (sound) waves in the ether. The
results of these experiments were so farreaching, that whatever was said in
current science journals about them had little effect, because they left other
scientists so dumbfounded that they were paralyzed by mis-comprehension. This
is not taught in electrical engineering schools.
It has been said that the basic difference between Heinrich Hertz’ 'transverse'
waves and Tesla’s longitudinal waves is that Tesla’s waves were actually
electrostatic mechanical compression waves in the ether. Tesla actually said that
what Hertz was observing was the same electrostatically-induced longitudinal
pressure waves. In 1934, Tesla stated (Possibilities of Electrostatic Generators,
Scientific American), speaking of the electrode on his wireless tower erected on
Long Island in 1902, “It was to be charged to 30,000,000 volts by a simple
device for supplying static electricity and power.” Examination of the patent
(#1,119,732, filed Jan. 18, 1902) shows “coil B” is a Tesla coil tuned to one-
quarter wavelength, which produces rapidly-varying (D.C.) electrostatic
potentials, resulting in sound waves in the ether, not electromagnetic waves.
High frequency longitudinal waves also make it possible to project forceful
mechanical waves to a specific, distant point. Tesla also developed a method
with his special aluminum hemispherical bulb for sending waves or 'heavy
currents' along a special “carrier beam” of U.V. or similar high frequency
radiation which we don’t know the exact nature of.
Powerful pressure (mechanical) long waves, carried directionally to a distant
point, can in turn carry additional higher frequency waves superimposed on it, to
deliver the high frequency exciting energy at the powerful long-wave peaks.
These “sound waves” are apparently converted back into electrical energy by an
appropriate Tesla receiver (or maybe just a conductor) at the target zone. This
appears to have been the basis for Tesla’s “Transmission of Electrical Energy
Without Wires” invention, as well as his “energy beam” and “death ray”
inventions, as the same system can be used for all three. The manipulation of
these wave characteristics is inextricably involved in Tesla’s propulsion These


=== [PDF p.39] ===
these wave characteristics is inextricably involved in Tesla s propulsion. These
inventions were undoubtedly stimulated by Tesla’s study of 19th century “ether
physicists”, and his own brilliant intuitions when discovering the rotating
magnetic field in Budapest, Hungary in 1882. This rotating magnetic field
discovery was involved in his “brushless” electric motor because Tesla applied
the rotatory force of magnetic fields related to the naturally occurring
phenomenon spoken of by Faraday, Maxwell, both Thomsons, and several
others known to Tesla, to his A.C. electric motor inventions.
The tubes of force had been discussed in 1881 in England by Thomson, who had
no technology which could be used to apply the tubes to the propulsion of a ship,
if that was what he had in mind, and never seemed to mention them in this
respect until after Tesla had begun to move toward applying the discoveries to
his intended “ideal flying machine” in experiments prior to his 1891 lecture at
Columbia College in New York. But Tesla was influenced after he was
apparently inspired by the writings of William Thomson and J. J. Thomson.
I think that Tesla discovered that by using a low frequency mechanical waves, he
could cause, at the quarter wavelength, the eruption of a large pulse which could,
by carrying a much higher exciting wave, excite the atmospheric gases in a
region, to explosively expand them, followed by a tremendous implosion and the
absorption of a great amount or heat in the area, causing immediate freezing.
This process would create an initial explosive shock wave followed by the
implosive return wave, similar to nuclear detonation. For example, by using a
low frequency of say 50 cps, with a wavelength of 3,100 miles, a pulse could be
made to erupt at onequarter wavelength—775 miles, corrected to 751 miles by
velocity factor. By superimposing an exciting frequency of say 50 megahertz or
so, the atmospheric gases could be excited to cause a “cold implosion” which
absorbs heat. By altering the wavelength and the direction of propagation, the
results could be delivered to any terrestrial point. At least that is my
interpretation.
The Tesla ionizing bulb, fundamental to some of Tesla’s “beams”, is a solid
aluminum hemisphere, enclosed in a glass vacuum envelope, excited by high
voltage D.C., applied to the center of the hemispherical end. A polarized beam is
emitted normal to the flat face center. The frequency and force is determined by
the voltage. The ion beam polarizes, concentrates, and guides a long wave
amplified by Tesla’s “extra coil”, to a distant target. This amplified higher
frequency wave superimposed upon it will “ring” in the target area at one-
quarter wavelength, in fact ring many times.


=== [PDF p.40] ===
Outside the bulb, in close proximity to the beam, the rapidlyvarying high voltage
electrostatic impulses create the pressure waves which are emitted by a ring-
shaped electrode, and is directed along the beam’s atmospherically created
conductive path, projected toward the distant target where the wave peak
delivers it at its “point” of greatest potential.
The June 30, 1908 Siberian explosion/implosion at Tungushka may have been a
risky test or inadvertent result of Tesla’s giant Wardenclyffe oscillator, and may
have been an undisclosed reason as to why the project was discontinued, and
eventually the tower was torn down in 1917. It should also be pointed out that
this method involved the absorption of heat energy “from the environment”. This
was yet another great heat energy-harvesting discovery. Tesla’s method “opened
up” the atmosphere to this possibility, consistent with what he said about nuclear
energy coming from “the environment”. And maybe that is what Leland
Anderson was referring to when he delivered Tesla’s eulogy at his 1943 funeral,
praising Tesla’s ability to “...pluck heat units out of the thin air.”
The Tungushka event may have also been the impetus for a “very tempting
offer” made to Tesla by V.I. Lenin, mentioned in retrospect in a November 29,
1934 letter from Tesla to J. P. Morgan, Jr., (microfilm, Library of Congress).
The Lenin offer would have to have been between 1917 and 1934, and was
mentioned unsuccessfully by Tesla in attempt to tantalize Morgan.
The following illustration was not a Tesla one as thought by some, but turned
out to be the idea of what another inventor apparently thought was Tesla’s idea,
which he himself was trying to cash in on, since Tesla never revealed it in detail.
Tesla had something better, a particle beam which was finer in cross section than
a hair, of tremendous power. The government has never revealed the details of
Tesla’s so-called “Death Ray” invention, but it is hinted at by Tesla’s
announcement of Sept. 22, 1940 in the New York Times, in an article by
William L. Laurence, of Tesla’s Teleforce discoveries. It should be noticed that
the waves here are focused.


=== [PDF p.41] ===
Tesla’s TELEFORCE Discoveries
Tesla’s Teleforce discoveries, evolved between 1900 and 1940, supposedly
came in four parts, consisting of a “new” way to produce rays in free air without
a vacuum, a “new” way to create a “very great electrical force”, a “new” way of
“magnifying” the force, and a “new” means of space propulsion2 . At least that
was what was said in books. When I consulted the actual article, I found quite a
difference. What Tesla called “His Greatest Achievement”, was “an apparatus by
which mechanical energy can be transmitted to any part of the terrestrial globe”
and which had four practical possibilities (aside from the energy transmission
part), among which were a means of unfailing communication, a means for
scientists to lay bare the physical conditions of the earth, and enabling them to
determine all the earth’s physical constants. He called this “tele-geodynamics”,
the determination of earth forces at a distance. He had an apparatus


=== [PDF p.42] ===
2 2. William L. Laurence, New York Times , Sept. 22, 1940, 11, p. 7.
which he said was “ideally simple” consisting of a stationary part and a cylinder
of fine steel “floating” in air. By impressing powerful impulses on the floating
part, he said, it could be caused to react with the stationary part which then
would transmit mechanical energy through (the ether in) the earth. This involved
a “new amplifier for a known type of energy” which could produce the impulses
through the earth so they can be picked up whenever and wherever needed.
I have discovered that the “stationary part” is his “Coil For Electromagnets”
(Patent #512340, filed July 7, 1893) which was his bifilar coil which stores
250,000 times the energy of a ordinarily wound coil of the same size and number
of turns. It is this coil which stores so much energy that it causes the steel
cylinder to “float”. The “known type of energy” was of course the magnetic
field. Just exactly how he subjected the steel cylinder to powerful impulses is
another of Tesla’s discoveries, which was at least 35 years old at that time. It
was probably his single terminal (“pancake”) coil. He said it “will be considered
absolutely impossible by any competent electrical engineer”, a “new method and
apparatus for producing direct current without a commutator”, considered
impossible since the days of Faraday. These “new” discoveries—all of which
could work together—were actually a juxtaposition of and different application
of Tesla’s devices already tested separately in Colorado Springs experiments or
later in New York or Wardenclyffe, with the exception that by 1912, he had
tested a missile powered by wirelessly projected “mechanical” energy, and he
had also tested a small, oneman flying machine prototype in which he apparently
ventured out his hotel window at night over New York City in experimental tests
flights, which served as an experimental basis for a much larger and more
ambitious set of space ships which he had designed, which were repeatedly
rejected by the U.S. government, probably because they thought he was nuts. In
one interpretation, Tesla’s teleforce discovery was apparently a “tractor beam”
technology which could reach out and lock onto many tons of air molecules—or
onto the incompressible ether—by which means the “very great electrical force”
could be used to pull against to propel the ship up or forward or backward
without air or inertial resistance.
Tesla said of his flying machine in 19113 , in pertinent part, “Its lifting power
will not depend upon any such delicate devices as the bird has to employ, but
upon positive mechanical action.” By “positive mechanical action”, Tesla was
referring to his “sound waves in the ether” which travel at the speed of light,


=== [PDF p.43] ===
which are mechanical in nature. Tesla had stated that his training was in
mechanical engineering, and that he was primarily a mechanical engineer. In a
1929 article in the New York Herald Tribune4 , Tesla stated “I satisfied myself
that what he (Heinrich Hertz) had observed was nothing else but effects of
longitudinal waves in a gaseous medium, that is to say, waves, propagated by
alternate compression and expansion. He had observed waves in the ether
much of the nature of sound waves in the air.” And, “The velocity of any
sound wave depends on a certain ratio between elasticity and density, and for
this ether or universal gas the ratio is 800,000,000,000 times greater than for
air. This means that the velocity of the sound waves propagated through the
ether is about 300,000 times greater than that of the sound waves in air, which
travel at approximately 1,085 feet a second. Consequently the speed in ether is
900,000 x 1,085 feet, or 186,000 miles, and that is the speed of light.”
Even the Nazis were skeptical that the Tesla propulsion technology might work,
being unconvinced until Wernher von Braun had actually tested the concepts at
Los Alamos in 1936 and 1937, and obtained the final approval of Hitler. The
large conical coil form, constructed of rough-sawn pine boards held together
with dowels and shellacked, which I saw there from the old barn was about ten
feet from top to bottom, a couple of feet across at the top, and about ten feet
across at its base. I could see where heavy wire—then removed—had been
wound on the boards from which the form was constructed. Almost immediately
after von Braun’s return to Germany in late 1937 in time for Christmas,
construction was begun on large “cigar-shaped” ships (similar to those shown in
the illustrations Tesla commissioned in 1914), using at first the iron pressure
hulls of U-Boats, which were already equipped with a hermetically sealable
system carrying diesel generators for use in the water or the atmosphere, and
possibly the helium-based “nuclear” generators which I had heard about in 1947.
With the huge difference between the weak interaction of gravity and the much
stronger interaction of the electrical attractive force, “Weight is no object” Tesla
said.
3 3. Tesla’s New Monarch of Machines, Oct. 15, 1911 
4 4. Nikola Tesla Tells of New Radio Theories , New York Herald Tribune, Sept. 22, 1929
Since Tesla had actually received offers from Russia prior to that time, I had
considered the probability that he had cooperated with von Braun in the Los
Alamos experiments, through some of the unidentified three laboratories he said
he was working with in 1937. But I already had the information that von Braun
h d b
i
l
d i
1930 L
Al
j
f
f i
d P


=== [PDF p.44] ===
had been involved in a 1930s Los Alamos project from my friend Peter van
Dresser. The old box from the p2 project which I saw in 1979 filled in the
blanks. In 2008, I found evidence that indeed Tesla was here in New Mexico in
1936, and there was really not very much else he could have been doing here at
that time. In addition to the work at the p2 project Tesla also was involved in
1936 in the testing of his wireless tranmission of energy system to run a train in
Santa Fe, New Mexico, another activity which there is virtually no information
on, even in Santa Fe. The spooks did a good job of cleaning out all references.
In looking for a probable Nazi spy, there was one who had wormed his way into
Tesla’s most intimate confidences, who was later convicted and imprisoned for
his espionage activities in America, but the exact nature of his activities, other
than the dissemination of Nazi propaganda, was never specified in the public
records. This author’s belief is that Tesla’s sale of technology to German
Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz in 1914, following rejection of this technology by
the U.S. government, included the technology for Tesla’s electric flying
machine, not developed until 1936-38. Tesla’s connection with Georg Silvester
Viereck was the most probable explanation for how Tesla’s propulsion
discoveries attracted the attention of the Germans and found their way to the
internationally funded “p2" project (funded by the Germans, the National
Geographic, the Simon and Florence Guggenheim Foundation and the
Smithsonian Foundation).
In his 1935 birthday announcement5 , Tesla was extravagant,
5 5 New York Times, July 11, 1935 (supra)
treating about 30 reporters, press, camera men, news and sound reel
representatives to a lavish gourmet luncheon in a private dining room at the
Hotel New Yorker where he had been living for the previous two years. This
indicated a new source of revenue for Tesla, most likely from his German
connections for the p2 project.
The fact that von Braun’s pre-war New Mexico adventures have been
subsequently concealed from the public by the Secret Government—a degree of
secrecy which cannot be explained except by reference to the Nazi flying saucer
project along with appropriating my friend Peter van Dresser’s and his four
colleagues' rocket engine design—is compelling.
The fact that I was a personal friend to an American rocket scientist named Peter
van Dresser, who was angered by Dr. Robert Goddard’s pre-war work with


=== [PDF p.45] ===
va D esse , w o was a ge ed by D .
obe t Godda d s p e wa wo
w t
Wernher von Braun, and who was present in New Mexico in the ‘30s and was
personally familiar with von Braun’s secret Los Alamos activities left little
remaining to be proven, since there is no longer any security basis for concealing
such events, if “rocket research” was the only thing von Braun’s pre-war
American presence involved. He had already been appointed, just prior to his
trip to America, as the Peenemünde research and the national German rocket
research leader, and had been promoted by Hitler and Heinrich Himmler to
Uberstürmbannfuehrer in the SS, and was given a “leave of absence” by Hitler to
make the venture to America. After all, he was at that time in the Wehrmacht as
well as the SS.
Willi Ley, the real rocket genius of Germany and von Braun’s tutor, was the first
scientist invited to America by Peter and the New York branch of the American
Rocket Society in 1934. In 1937, Ley was staying at the Greenwich Village,
NYC apartment of Florence and Peter van Dresser, applied for American
citizenship papers that year, and married a Russian ballerina named Olga
Feldman, so von Braun was apparently invited by Dr. Robert Goddard, by his
arrangements with the Germans, to fill the empty shoes of Ley. I suspect that all
those promotions of von Braun after Ley’s defection were to insure that von
Braun did not also defect and become an American citizen.
As shown by archival proof 6 , van Dresser’s group was the actual inventor of
the first successful liquid-fueled rocket engine—called “A Dependable and
Efficient Regeneratively Cooled Liquid-Fueled Rocket Engine” by Peter—the
particular one that Dr. Robert Goddard “appropriated”, and turned over to
Wernher von Braun, who used it on his V-2s. Peter was co-creator of the
American Rocket Society and was the editor of its publication, Astronautics .
But when the military became involved in the research at Mescalero Peter left
because he was a Quaker pacifist and took Willi Ley with him so von Braun was
brought in by Goddard from the Third Reich as a replacement in 1936.
One of the most telling pieces of evidence regarding the intentional
misinterpretation of Tesla’s discoveries—especially just after Tesla’s death in
Jan., 1943, at which point all Tesla’s papers and apparatus fell into the hands of
the FBI—is the obvious meaning of the name for his system—TELEFORCE”—
which means “force at a distance”. This must be seen in the context of the four
listed parts of the system to be used together, being clearly applicable to flying
saucer propulsion, once I pointed out the fraud, and correctly interpreted the
statement in my 1993 publication.


=== [PDF p.46] ===
I have to hand it to the spooks, for doing such a good job of concealing the
connection between the flying saucer and the only man who could have invented
it—and whom the public should most readily accept as the inventor who
rightfully deserved the credit for it —even though he never had a fair
opportunity of giving his greatest discovery to the world as an American, for
lack of opportunity to build a working model of sufficiently developed potential
to impress us. And the German-financed p2 Projekt gave him that opportunity
after the U. S. government spit in his face. The reason why Tesla never had the
opportunity was because of the secret “bill of attainder” placed on his name by
the greedy monopolists who were and still are afraid of technological freedom
and a truly free market of ideas, goods, and services. Tesla was a pariah and no
one with money and power could touch him in America without being
incinerated by the lightening strikes from the money gods in New York.
6 6. New Mexico State Archives, Historical Division, Peter van Dresser Collection. 
CHAPTER II: EXPLORING THE NATURE OF THE ETHER
The Early Background
In 1997, after many years of research and thought regarding the qualities of the
ether, I decided to see what others had actually said, before completing this
book. Some of the material available to me was second-hand information, being
what someone said someone else had said. I wanted to determine whether or not
these “repeated statements” were accurate, and if not, find the correct ones. After
some difficulty, I accessed a copy of the classic, A History of the Theories of
the Aether and Electricity, by Sir Edmund Whittaker (1951 revised and enlarged
second edition, Vols. I and II). The 1910 first edition was probably the most
comprehensive book ever published on ether theory as it existed in 1910, except
it omitted the ether theory of Tesla. The first edition was printed in Scotland,
under the title A History of the Theories of the Ether and Electricity, from the
age of Descartes to the close of the nineteenth century. The second edition
incorporated “new material” related to quantum mechanics. Classical theory was
in Vol. I, while Vols. II and III gave the origins of relativity and quantum theory
up to 1926. Neither the 1910 first edition nor the 1951 revised edition mentioned
Tesla at all, but the chronological sequence of attempts at electro-propulsion by
the Europeans appeared to be “skewered”, with little or no attempt in either
edition to point out what the scientists were actually aiming at in terms of
electric propulsion, which was clearly their goal, or to point out this goal as a
topic. Though information regarding Tesla’s work was omitted, there is much
valuable related information in the historical sense in terms of many


=== [PDF p.47] ===
experiments.
In his preface, Whittaker stated that where space is not considered
“emptiness”—except for its property of propagating electromagnetic waves (a
concept which is completely wrong according to Tesla’s discoveries regarding
the pressure waves)—the development of quantum electrodynamics referred to a
vacuum with a new status as the location of ‘zero point’ oscillations of the
electromagnetic fields and zero point fluctuations of electric charge and current,
as well as a polarization conforming to that of a dielectric constant, which is
non-unity (i.e., which contains energy). This implies awareness of Tesla’s
Primary Solar Rays, but quantum theory inherently excludes the possibility of
“zero-point” fluctuations, since all such waves are always regarded as possessing
one-half “quantum”, and this is an internal contradiction of the theory. And the
probability remains that all this is completely wrong.
Whittaker said that an alleged failure by ether theory proponents to observe the
earth’s motion relative to the ether, caused the downfall of the theory, but the
facts show that the relativists, backed by corporate publishing interests, hastily
dug the grave and threw the dirt over the corpse of ether theory while it was still
alive, for the wrong reasons (or maybe the “right” reasons considering the lies
propagated by powerful interests). Much of the “error” was due to focusing on
the weakest proponents who failed to realize that a portion of the ether is
“carried along” by the earth, and that an optical aberration—an “ether drift”—
would have to be observed at some point away from the earth, in order for an
ether to exist. It was asserted that the failure of this observation on the earth was
the “death” of “the” ether theory. By advertising ether theory’s weakest and
most erroneous proponents and ideas, the media made the RQM’s hasty funeral
of ether theory easy, and paved the way for the gullible public’s acceptance of
relativism. But remember, truth can flow from lies, but not lies from the truth, as
stated by Schopenhauer.
I concluded that Whittaker’s 1951 edition intentionally skewered important facts
which already should have been known to the author concerning Tesla's theory,
which I have attempted to straighten out for you in this book. I now feel more
comfortable with my interpretation of Tesla’s theory, than I did prior to reading
Whittaker’s book, but that was only because I knew what I was looking for. The
facts I found are almost exactly as I said in my second edition of Space Aliens
From the Pentagon . It was unthinkable that a 1910 or 1951 book on the ether
failed to mention Tesla or his ether theory, which contains distinct features not


=== [PDF p.48] ===
found together in any other ether theory.
By gathering and reorganizing Whittaker’s material on electropropulsion into
more proper order, I discovered much “new” (“old”) documentation, that 19th
century scientists were in pursuit of electro-propulsion, and that there were
interesting similarities between the thinking of certain scientists of the era and
my suspicions, which could eliminate some erroneous concepts about what they
actually meant, and show similarities to what I had observed on numerous
occasions in the behavior of what were obviously Tesla’s “flying saucers”, since
the “proof of the pudding” is when it flies across the dinner table or the sky. It
was my intent to examine known theories leading up to Tesla, to see what he
contributed, and to determine what happened since that time to obscure,
misinterpret and ultimately conceal the truth. To this end, I present for you a
brief history and documentation of pertinent ether physics.
J. J. Thomson’s “Electromagnetic Momentum”
Returning to the concept of the “carry-along” ether, Max Planck, originator of
quantum mechanics, followed this form of ether theory in part, saying that the
ether had to be irrotational, carried along at the same velocity as earth near its
surface, and compressible and subject to gravity like the atmosphere, in order for
the theory to be true. At best, Planck’s beliefs showed a weak mechanical
conceptualization, something unexpected from one purportedly so adept at
“mechanics”.
J. J. Thomson (1856-1942), discoverer of the electron, expressed a different and
more plausible ether theory. Thomson had theorized —based on Maxwell’s
earlier theory—that a charged spherical conductor moving in a straight line must
produce displacement currents in the medium7 . But this did not purport to be
electropropulsion. In 1893, twelve years later, he claimed to have discovered
“Electromagnetic Momentum”, saying “...in an electromagnetic field there is
stored in every unit volume an amount of mechanical momentum, proportional
to the vector product of the electric and magnetic vectors”.8 Thomson also was
said to have developed the theory of moving tubes of force—which harked back
to Faraday’s earlier work—saying in 1891 that molecular structure is closely
connected with tubes of electrostatic force, with magnetism regarded as a
secondary force. He stated that “...the aether itself is the vehicle of mechanical
momentum, of amount (1/4πC) [D B] per unit⋅ volume.”9


=== [PDF p.49] ===
7 7. Phil. Mag. xi (1881), p. 229. 
8 8. J. J. Thomson, Recent Researches in Elect. And Mag. xxxi (1893), p. 13. 
Tesla Shows Up
It is interesting to note that these 1893 “discoveries” by Thomson, although
following his initial speculations based on Maxwell’s theory, also followed
Tesla’s lecture before the American Institute of Electrical Engineers at Columbia
College, N.Y., on May 20, 1891, in which he described earlier experiments in
which he had pre-empted Thomson’s work with experimental verification,
together with a demonstration of techniques and machinery built by him which
obtained frequencies and voltages which W. Thomson (Lord Kelvin) had said
earlier in England, were “impossible to achieve”. In that sense, the “good old
boys” in Britain should have admitted that Tesla’s work was prior, after having
admitted that they were unable to create the equipment necessary to produce the
required frequencies to investigate and to experimentally verify these
phenomena. But Tesla's theory was different, based on electrostatics not
electromagnetics.
J. J. Thomson’s theory, which supposedly linked electromagnetism with
momentum in a mathematical and unified way, on paper, somewhat repeated
Tesla’s earlier lecture of 1891, proven by his earlier experiments, but Tesla’s
theory was different from Thomson’s and Maxwell’s. Thomson’s
electromagnetic momentum could be theoretically created only with Tesla’s
contrivances, which existed before Thomson’s “discovery”, and there was no
way that Thomson could have reduced his theory to practice or experimentally
verified it, because it would not work since electromagnetic waves cannot be
transmitted through the free ether because it is not a solid.
Though the facts show that Thomson was prior to Tesla in attempting to publish
a valid theory, Tesla could not publish prior to perfection of his invention, which
was not a factor affecting Thomson. Tesla was apparently the only one to prove
his theory by
9 9. Phil. Mag. xxxi (1891), p. 149; Recent Researches in Elect. And Mag. (1893), chap. 1.
experimental results. Tesla deferred often to Thomson, even though Thomson
attempted later to claim Tesla’s alternating current and high frequency
discoveries. Thomson’s earlier work10 , concerning a charged spherical
conductor moving in a straight line (but involving no “rapidly-varying


=== [PDF p.50] ===
electrostatic potentials”) had undoubtedly commanded Tesla’s respect and
probably influenced his work, but Tesla’s 1884 discovery of the rotating
magnetic field had beaten them all to the punch, and documentation shows that
because of this he had arguments with his “learned professors” in Graz, who said
that he must be “crazy” for having such ideas during his 1870s student days to
prove it.
It must have worked a horrible hardship on Tesla, to remain silent about his
Dynamic Theory of Gravity , which he did not publish for fear of his technology
falling into the wrong hands. It was like the Wardenclyffe tower, turning in the
wind of incompleteness for lack of money, created by having been falsely
induced into building an expensive system which would exhaust his energy and
financial resources to the point of bankruptcy.
In respect to momentum, I would analogize it as follows: When a body is held
by a spinning or arcing arm, it contains the changing momentum created by
angular movement. It must continually shed some “old” momentum while
accumulating “new” momentum in the new direction. When released, it moves
in a straight line vector corresponding to the state of the tubes of force which
have imparted their momentum at the time of release. While held by the arm,
centrifugal force was created by the tendency of the tubes to impart momentum
in a straight line, which created the resistance to change by the tubes at any
moment. Once released, “something” (the tubes of force as they then existed)
determined the body’s direction of movement and velocity. These facts are
consistent with Tesla’s own concepts, in contrast to other theories of the ether or
tubes of force, as I will explain later in greater detail.
Most of Thomson’s 1881 work harked back to Maxwell, and before him,
Faraday, who had stated in 1831 that movement of an electrostatically charged
body is equivalent to a current, which was
10 10. Phil. Mag. xi (1881), p. 229 (Supra.)
described as a tube of force created by movement and momentum11 . In his
consideration of the nature of “ponderable matter”,
Faraday had suggested that an atom may be nothing more than a field
of force—electric, magnetic and gravitational—surrounded by a
point-centre, which is completely penetrable12 . This statement shows
how Faraday’s opinions had temporarily been swayed by the


=== [PDF p.51] ===
relativism of Newton and Boscovitch. Fresnel later stated, ‘Upon
considering the aberration of the stars, I am disposed to believe that
the luminiferous aether pervades the substance of all material bodies
with little or no resistance, as freely perhaps as the wind passes
through a grove of trees’. Fresnel’s concept presupposed that the
ether surrounding the earth was unaffected by earth’s motion, and
generally agrees with what is actually observed, except for his failure
to consider how the earth’s dynamic electric field affects the ether,
and how the ether is not in motion relative to bodies at relative rest
on the surface of the earth or within its electrostatic field. Along with his ca.
1831 theory of an (elastic) solid ether, and
lines of magnetic force, Faraday considered all space as “filled”. Wm. Thomson
(Lord Kelvin, 1824-1907), at age 17, based on
Faraday’s earlier announcements, introduced into mathematical
science the idea of electric action at a distance by means of a
continuous ether. In 1846, he analogized electric phenomena with
mechanical elasticity. It was his early concept that material atoms
move through the ether ‘without displacing it or compressing it’13 , a
concept later to be adopted partially by Tesla in saying that the ether
‘behaves as a fluid to solid bodies, and as a solid to light and heat’. About 1853,
Bernhard Riemann (1826-66) conceived an ether
which resisted compression and changes of orientation14 . Riemann
thought the resistance to compression caused gravitational and
electrostatic effects, while the resistance to changes in orientation
caused optical and magnetic phenomena, but he failed to develop
these concepts further. These early Riemann insights were however
very influential on later thinkers. He conceived a stationary ether
11 11. Faraday, Experimental Res. Sec. 1664; Maxwell, Treatise, Sec. 768-70. 
12 12. Bence Jones’ Life of Faraday, ii, p. 178. 
13 13. Letter, FitzGerald to Heaviside, 4 Feb. 1889. 
14 11. Ann. D. Phys. cxii (1867), p. 237; Riemann’s Werke, 2e Aufl., p. 288; Phil. Mag. xxxiv (1867), p.
368.
based on the generally accepted assumption that, as the earth moved through
space, the ability of one to see a star with a steady image disproved a dynamic
ether. As to the propagation of electric action through space, Riemann proposed
a new equation in which voltage changes outward from charges with a velocity
C, but he also failed to follow up with a proper consideration of the properties of


=== [PDF p.52] ===
the ether, because he died too damned young. Some of Riemann’s insights were
verified almost 50 years later, ten years longer than his entire lifetime.
Years later, Maxwell, after reading Faraday’s 1831 Experimental Researches in
Electricity (3 Vols.), formed a mechanical conception of the electromagnetic
field, connecting Faraday’s magnetic lines of force and electrical ideas with the
mathematical analogies of Wm. Thomson, carrying Faraday’s concepts a step
further (I have always like to say that Maxwell “put the math to Faraday”,
because Faraday couldn’t do much math, though he is recognized as the greatest
“experimental philosopher” in history).
Faraday was a former Irish bookbinder’s journeyman who got his early
education from the books he was binding, and who at age 21 happened to write a
letter to chemistry professor Sir Humphrey Davy in 1912 and so impressed him
that the following spring he was appointed a chair at the Royal Institution.
Faraday had remarkable insights right from the beginning, which remain long
after his death, with so many observations and discoveries which were made
without resort to tiresome pages of math, lucky for Maxwell, who made his own
contributions in the process, although many were wrong according to Tesla,
when it came to the ether and electromagnetic waves in free space.
Faraday had erroneously stated that induced magnetism in iron exists only
within the iron, was zero in external free ether, and was the basis for electrical
induction. Maxwell’s “electric displacement in a dielectric” was analogous to the
magnetic induction B, which he said may have a value different from zero even
in the free ether. According to Maxwell, there is a displacement (i.e., an electric
movement away from equilibrium position) wherever there is electric force,
whether “material bodies” are present or not (thus carrying his electric
displacement into the ether)15 .
It had occurred to me that since the earth and bodies “at rest” on it are in uniform
motion (or uniformly changing motion) in respect to an ether which is relatively
stationary because “carried along”, that there were differences in electric
displacement of ether in the space within solid bodies and external to them in
space within the free ether, due to the differences in dielectric constant between
the two. I deduced from this that the constant movement of bodies through a
stationary ether-filled space, carrying their charges with them, create
displacement currents.
Maxwell had represented Faraday’s lines of magnetic force (vectors of magnetic


=== [PDF p.53] ===
Maxwell had represented Faraday s lines of magnetic force (vectors of magnetic
induction) as the velocity of an incompressible fluid, based on Faraday’s
suggestion years earlier that there may be a “dynamical condition” similar to
electric current, and that the ‘physical lines of magnetic force are currents’ of
this “fluid”. This agrees with Faraday’s “dynamical condition” of the electric
field ‘carried along’ by the earth, equivalent to a current, which appears to me to
possibly produce the earth’s magnetic field and gravitation, by effects on the
stationary ether within earth’s dynamic electric field. It also implies that
magnetic lines of force are the “equal and opposite” reaction to electrical current
as Faraday stated, and vice-versa, though magnetic fields are more the secondary
effect of electric currents as Tesla said. The magnetic field is equally important
however, in its creation of the rotatory motion imparted to electricity, which is
responsible for the “tubes of force”, which carry momentum which maintains the
perpetual motion of celestial bodies in the universe, and guides electric currents
through the ether forever. And this sounds very much like it is in agreement with
Tesla’s Dynamic Theory of Gravity as well.
Cosmic Motion and Local Momentum
The earth orbits the sun at approximately 18.5 miles per second (ca. 66,600
mph). The solar system is orbiting the center of the Milky Way much faster, and
the Milky Way orbits the Magellanic Clouds much faster, and so fourth. This
hierarchy of motion and velocity
15 15. Maxwell, Scientific Papers I, p. 451; p. 526.
increases from the moon, to the earth, the Milky Way, the Magellanic Clouds,
etc., although these pale into insignificance relative to electromagnetic velocity,
since movement of force is timerelative. In all, the earth’s velocity and polarity
relative to the ether continually varies according to its rotation, orbital position,
and galactic cycle. When between the sun and the Milky Way’s center, for
example, it moves relatively slower than when to the “outside”. As the earth
rotates each day, its polarity of movement relative to the sun rotates 15.2 degrees
per hour, with a rotational surface velocity at the equator of approximately 1,041
mph. This continuous change in polarity is so gradual that it is sensually
imperceptible, but probably contributes to modulating the gravity effects (and
may even influence our emotional states!).
According to W. B. Morton16 , an increase in charge of a body increases its
“virtual mass”, which increases the work required to move it by amount 2e2


=== [PDF p.54] ===
/3ac2 . This was in correction of J. J. Thomson’s figures. Such a case suggests a
dynamo consisting of large, insulated conductive balls on each end of a shaft
turning at its center on a perpendicular axle, the balls being alternately charged
and discharged to increase and decrease their “virtual” masses, thus rotating the
shaft and turning a generator. But this possibility appears to be a fantasy, since
the “increase in work required to move the ball” (in Thomson’s theory) may be
related to an increase in the resistance to the penetration by the ether, caused by
the presence of the extra charges, which according to Faraday created a “Faraday
cage” effect which shuts out the magnetic lines of force. Without the magnetic
lines of force—or with suppressed, deflected or diminished lines of force—the
rotation of the tubes of force by the magnetic field may be diminished or
stopped, resulting in a resistance to increased momentum. Such propositions
gives ample food for thought.
If Tesla had continued to increase the earth’s electrostatic charge with his
gadgetry, he might have thrown the earth’s timing off, slowed it down, and
possibly caused it to drift toward the sun or away from it. But that is what he
said was possible. Being aware of these facts he later addressed them and even
listed them as future technical possibilities, which also corroborated his
developments in
16W. B. Morton, Phil. Mag. Xli (1896), p. 488. 
the field of propulsion, in case anybody noticed.
Local Momentum and Celestial Movement
It’s an odd thing, momentum. If a body is in motion relative to earth, its
momentum is in the direction of motion, while as a body at rest on a spot on
earth, it still has momentum along with the spot’s ultimate motion relative to the
universe. The motion is compound, the ultimate momentum of a body being
truly a vector which represents all the forces acting upon it. Yet as a body at
relative rest on the earth, it appears to defy all the other vector quantities because
in it's stationary position it becomes a virtual part of the earth.
The earth rotates at over 1,041 mph at the equator, so there is that momentum,
but the earth’s orbital speed and path around the sun means that the earth’s more
general path in the solar system is in the direction of its orbit. A spot on the
earth’s rotating surface would appear to a distant observer to be moving slower
in its direction of orbital motion over a period of half a day, yet it is always
moving in its orbital path at over 66,600 mph. The rotation alternately


=== [PDF p.55] ===
diminishes and increases the speed of that “spot” through the universe, gradually
rotating its ultimate solar orientation once every 24 hours. With this compound
movement and momentum—of the earth, the solar system, the Milky Way, etc.
—we have a more complex pattern of movement, and since a body is in
constant, compound, gradual, ever-changing motion relative to the ether and the
universe, some interesting effects are bound to be discovered. These effects are
not, as described by Newton’s laws, due to an attractive force acting at a
distance, through an empty space. “Force at a distance” requires an ether relative
to Tesla’s Teleforce discoveries and his Dynamic Theory of Gravity .
Due to the relatively gradual orbiting and rotating changes in respect to earth’s
motion relative to the background ether, a relatively small amount of “externally
acting” force (“gravity”) would have to be ever-present in order for Newton’s
laws to appear to apply even on the purely descriptive level, except for the local
ether phenomenon which I will specify in further detail, which insures “force-
free” perpetual motion, despite the gravitational effects of the ether. While I
agree with that part of Einstein’s theory that says gravity is not due to the direct
action of one object on another (no “force at a distance”), I disagree with the part
that says it is due to the idea that a large spinning body “wraps” space around
itself and “curves it”. Without an ether there is nothing to curve, and with it,
there is no Relativity Theory and “no curved space” (as Tesla said).
In early 1995, in exchange for a copy of Space Aliens From the Pentagon , I
received a copy of Eric Lerner’s The Big Bang Never Happened , and was
pleased to find that there are some in the academic world of physics (or
astrophysics), who share at least in part, my own views on the 'Big Bang
Theory', although they don’t go so far as I do in saying the theory has been
promoted by the coercive energy monopolists, along with Relativism, because of
its apparent negation of the free energy available from the universe via the ether.
This universal free energy is due to what I call the “Law of Conservation of
Perpetual Motion”. I found Lerner’s book refreshing, not to mention useful in
charting some of my own if not Tesla's ideas on a more cosmic scale.
Lerner’s relatively unsung hero is Hannes Alfvén, a Swedish astrophysicist and
cosmologist, whose earlier “academic burial” by the Relativists was somewhat
reversed in 1970 by a Nobel Prize awarded to him for his development of cosmic
magnetohydrodynamics and his concept of frozen lines of magnetic force, a
theory later modulated in part by him. Alfvén had in a way replaced the word
“ether” with “plasma”, and strongly disagreed with the Relativist’s misuse of
mathematical theory which he said ‘must always be the servant of physical


=== [PDF p.56] ===
mathematical theory, which he said must always be the servant of physical
understanding and close observation, rather than its master’. He claimed that
giant currents through space, from the sun through the planets, along frozen lines
of force, actually transfer angular momentum to the planets. This discovery,
together with his work on cosmic MHD events, places Alfvén’s work very close
to Tesla’s Dynamic Theory of Gravity.
The appearance of such books as Lerner’s is a positive development, which
represents dissent which seems intolerable to the Relativists. The Big Bang
Theory is in decline among scientists, despite all the NASA false propaganda in
the press and mass media attempting to perpetuate and support this false theory.
I recommend Lerner’s book, even though he has not yet evoked an affirmative
support for ether theory, but has dared to challenge Relativism and the Big Bang
cosmology.
The actual course that a particular spot on earth takes through the universe is
naturally more complex than that of the sun, since the earth and the spot on it
represents a smaller cycle within the larger. Relative to the background ether, the
entire interrelated movements of the solar system and Milky Way takes our spot
in a generally wavy path, along which our velocity relative to external bodies
periodically accelerates and decelerates.
The same principles of momentum which apply to the cosmos must also apply to
the motion of immediately local bodies, except that the effects are skewered by
the presence of earth’s pesky electric, magnetic, and so-called “gravity” fields.
What Alfvén had touched upon in his long-unrecognized discovery of the giant
electric and magnetic currents through space, are similar to unrecognized forces
operative on a local scale as well. As our planet hurls through space at ca. 70,000
mph, and us with it, there are things happening on a smaller, even microscopic
scale, which play important parts in this giant panorama.
The big question—the one which those who promoted the Big Bang cosmology
sought prematurely to put to rest—is how can everything stay in perpetual
motion, while under the Relativist theory the law of conservation of energy is
violated—and thereby the Relativist theory also refuted? The still-born theories
of Tesla were forever gnawing at the monopolists’ throats, along with those of
Alfvén, so they wanted to obscure all truly competing theories, and to enshrine
the Relativists and Big Bangers in the annals of science for all time. Their
method was to fabricate a scenario in which one original giant explosion was the
‘origin’ from which all we see is but an effect which will eventually “run down”


=== [PDF p.57] ===
like a car which is out of gas. Thus they created and attached the entropy theory
to the Second Law of Thermodynamics as if an integral part of it so that energy
is constantly becoming “unavailable” as the universe runs down. And that would
mean that the Second Law of Thermodynamics would violate the First Law of
Thermodynamics.
The missing ideas are how universal processes are continually self-replenished.
Through an interplay of natural strong and weak forces acting with matter,
perpetual motion is conserved. Strong forces overcome weaker forces and do
more work in the same periods of time. Cosmic radiation travels through the
ether, until it reacts with plasma, forming matter. When matter concentrates,
forces acting with it concentrate. In contact with other, less concentrated matter,
stronger cosmic forces acting within the space it occupies are unleashed,
producing transmutations and eventually more cosmic radiation, which travels
through space until absorbed and changed by plasma or other mass, producing
larger masses or other radiation, and the process continues, ad infinitum. And all
this reacting often with Tesla's Primary Solar Rays.
The rigid thinker must have a simplistic answer as to “where matter comes
from”, “where it is going”, “what is the purpose of life”, etc. Sometimes we must
accept reality, and discard phony theories which attempt to give us a simplistic
answer for what we either must admit that we just don’t know, or should
consider some questions too stupid to ask. The facts concerning the existence of
universal matter, forces, vast distances, massive bodies and events, and perpetual
motion are irreducible primaries or “first laws” about reality, which we must
accept before we can progress with answering particular questions related to the
more useful aspects of existence.
Since the orbital speed of the earth around the sun is greater than the speed of
earth’s rotation, our spot never moves “backward” relative to the ether, though it
slows down and speeds up. The orbital speed of the Milky Way is greater than
the orbital speed of the solar system or rotational speed of the earth, and our spot
continues in a generally “wavy-wavy” path in which we accelerate and
decelerate over a one-day longer cycle, and so forth. There are still larger and
larger cycles of motion over time, as stated before. As can be seen from these
cyclical movements, the universe is a system of interrelated systems which move
generally in gear-like precision, rather than in a more randomized explosive
pattern ala the Big Bang. Universal movement is in an orderly, cyclical pattern
of circles (or ellipses), within circles, representing mechanical oscillations which
are related to smaller and larger electromagnetic ones The exceptions to this


=== [PDF p.58] ===
are related to smaller and larger electromagnetic ones. The exceptions to this—
the occasional cosmic explosion, such as that of a supernova—proves rather than
disproves the rule. Even the occasional comet follows a cyclical pattern, while
the debris from cosmic events eventually falls into orderly patterns. Though such
explosions on our scale are gigantic, they are like minor ripples in a pond on a
cosmic scale, and should not be allowed to warp our perspective. Neither are the
events in the entire universe governed by the profuse scribbles written by
someone on a fly-infested dung heap in the Middle East a few thousand years
ago.
If last week a remote controlled telescope—such as the Hubbell —showed a
movement which when compared to an earlier measurement of a few years ago
indicated a movement away from a distant part of the universe, just remember
that this is only an observation of movement taken from one perspective at one
time of a much larger pattern of oscillations over a much longer period of time,
in which the movement may later appear to be going the other way, from our
point of view or that of the telescope, if we could make an observation millions
of years into the future. Because of the circuitous patterns of movements which
we observe in relation to earth at the present, and the larger structures in “our
vicinity” of the universe, we have good reason to believe that all such
movements are cyclical, and to extrapolate ourselves into the time when the
appearance would be quite different. The theory that the earth and other celestial
bodies are the result of the Big Bang are ludicrous. Just try to imagine the Big
Bang explosion building the earth up from a small mass in space, to build
thousands of feet of the detritus of living things, to increase the mass of the earth
through photosynthesis, which has nothing to do with a Big Bang. What a
coincidence! The universe has no “age”, as it has always existed, and always
will. The whole theory about how planets “were created” from the Big Bang is
ridiculous.
Life forms would not only have to have existed at one time on Mars, but on all
other planets and stars, at some time. In fact, the planets grew from smaller
bodies as a result of life forms, which convert interstellar ether into solid mass,
driven by cosmic radiation. There is no depth to which we can drill on earth, or
otherwise produce direct evidence to the contrary, where we will not find matter
which was in its past part of living things. This theory of course makes the planet
“too old” for the Big Bangers, as it would take a much longer time for the earth
to reach its present state, and would throw their “calendar”—called the “Hubbell
Constant”, through which the high priests of the Big Bang have determined
earth’s alleged “birth date”—off.


=== [PDF p.59] ===
g
For example, one of the components of chlorophyll is iron. This iron along with
the carbon deposits and other elements result from photosynthesis. If strata of
the earth, thousands of feet—even miles —thick, are composed of the decayed
and metamorphosed remains of plant and animal life, the original biomass
represents a conversion ultimately of ether, driven by radiation through
photosynthesis, and into the many elements and minerals composing the strata,
which can be easily traced to this process, such as iron, calcium, phosphorus,
sulfur, nitrogen, carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and helium. Such elements
accumulate through the cosmically-driven forces of life forms. There is probably
a constant of universal mathematical proportionality between life forms and
inorganic ones. And we should realize that all of this mass of the earth’s upper
layers, down to the deepest level we can drill, represents mass which has been
added to earth’s mass by life processes in which ultimately cosmic radiation
drives the accumulation of mass from the ether.
The ether, the medium which supposedly conducts sound waves in the ether
through space, can apparently be converted into any form of matter. Otherwise,
where would that mass come from? It is also apparently possible to precipitate
any element from the ether, or to transmute other elements, using proper
technology which emulates or speeds up this natural process. The ether contains
the building blocks of what we call “solid matter”, the proof of which enhances
this possibility.
Tesla eventually realized the ether’s use in his discovery of the “tremendous
propelling force”. His propulsion technology works and that is more important
that splitting hairs...or atoms.
Only an ether which is intimately involved with momentum, could explain such
a tremendous propulsion force such as that which I observed in 1953. This
propulsive force was nothing more than a force which exists in nature, which in
the hands of man becomes an article of will, once the physical processes capable
of synthesizing and manipulating it become known.
Based on the assumption that I could see the ship for thirty miles, I estimate that
from the rate and manner of acceleration, in conjunction with the probable mass
of the ship which I observed, it was immediately apparent that the entire volume
of the ship, if filled with conventional rocket or jet fuel, would have been
consumed in the three seconds required for it to accelerate to ca. 36,000 mph and
disappear at the point of infinity. This was only possible because of the existence


=== [PDF p.60] ===
disappear at the point of infinity. This was only possible because of the existence
of Tesla’s technology which “electro-mechanically” canceled inertia and
synthesized a new momentum almost instantaneously. This technology also
created a friction-free pathway through the atmosphere and also prevented a
shock wave or sonic boom, perhaps explainable by the fact that Tesla’s “sound
waves at the speed of light” are involved. Another explanation is that
rapidlyvarying negative electrostatic potentials apparently create a path of
mutually repulsive, same-sign negative charges in the atmosphere before, along
and behind the ship’s path which do not clap rapidly back together behind the
ship to create the sonic boom. I observed the atmospheric effects of the lingering
charges scintillating and sizzling behind the ship, as they slough off.
What is inertia? Inertia is the momentum which a body “at rest” already
possesses because it is in a state of uniform motion, but which to us appears to
be at rest. Tesla’s technology apparently uses the electrical attractive force,
which produces 2 x 1039 power times more work, using a smaller amount of
“gravitational” or chemical “input energy” to drive an electrical generator to
produce the electricity to trigger the change. If “energy” is the “ability to do
work”, and “work” is the “movement of a mass through a distance”, and a
stronger force will do more work over a given time period, a change in form of
force from a weaker to a stronger force (which exists in the environment) will
use “environmental energy” to do more work in a new way.
The process which makes Tesla propulsion possible, is the dynamism of the
universe, which naturally exchanges weaker and stronger forces to conserve
perpetual motion, with any lost momentum being re-supplied by the Primary
Solar Rays or other natural cosmic radiation or forces. That seems the only way
to explain such a fantastic demonstration of technology in defiance to so-called
“accepted theory”, but in accordance to Tesla’s hidden ones which the
government possesses in secrecy. Otherwise, why the secrecy?
CHAPTER III: OBSERVATIONS
With Tesla’s theory and the background of older research and theories held
temporarily in abeyance, let’s look at what has been directly observed either by
myself or by those closely associated with me.
What I began observing in 1946, and have continued ever since, are man-made
electro-mechanical flying machines which can hover, turn on a dime at high
speed without flying apart, and accelerate almost instantaneously to at least
36,000 mph, without readily audible sound or sonic boom. The ship I observed
i 1953 i b
d d
li h h
i
b
300 f
di
b
250 f


=== [PDF p.61] ===
in 1953, in broad daylight, hovering at about 300 feet distance, about 250 feet
above ground level, precessed at a high angle—about 45 degrees—and a low
rate of about two cycles per second. Soon after I spotted it, it began to move
away directly due west, quickly accelerating to about 200 mph, at which time it
did two absolutely square turns—a right angle turn straight down and another
right angle turn about a hundred feet lower, back into level flight—then
accelerated to a point of infinity above the horizon about 30 miles away in three
seconds. This maneuver to lower its elevation above ground by about a hundred
feet appeared to be designed to make the ship less visible to observers on the
ground, when the pilot discovered that he was hovering over a town. The high
angle of precession appears in retrospect to have been a malfunction of the gyro-
stabilization system, as it would have otherwise have made it very difficult for a
viewer inside the ship to make any sense out of what he could see outside.
The ship was constructed as if it were two 50-foot diameter stainless steel woks
joined together clamshell fashion. It had concentric “striations”—grooves in its
surface which appeared to be about one inch wide all over its surface—which
gave its two halves the appearance of giant “spun-metal” woks, as it precessed
with the sun’s rays playing on its oscillating bright metallic surface. The sun was
about ten degrees above the horizon at the time.
As it precessed, the ship gave off a sparkling, “rainbow-colored” electrical
corona, like a metallic surface which was being electrified with high voltage
Tesla coils. On the shadow side of the bottom when it was periodically turned
away from the sun during oscillations, there appeared a soft, ‘cloudy’, infra-red
glow, which indicated the possible presence of microwaves on the bottom, while
the general “rainbow” corona from the top was “brushy” and apparently of high
voltage negative electrostatics. As the ship began accelerating, the rainbow
corona formed a sparkling, scintillating trail behind the ship, which also showed
a “texture” across the trail which appeared to coincide with the frequency of the
precessions which increased in rate as the ship accelerated, until a mere
vibratory blur by the time the ship made its two 90-degree turns at about 200
mph, which is a rough estimate. The ion trail gradually faded out behind the
ship, with little sparkles appearing in the trail as it did so. The ionizations
produced by this ship—rapidly-varying electrostatic ones produced by the one-
quarter wavelength tuning of Tesla’s single terminal coil—apparently produced
the sound waves which were projected along the direction of acceleration, and
bringing in the tubes of force necessary for the propulsive force to act on the
ship. All this theory was apparent from the effects graphically illustrated by the
corona together with the actions of the ship


=== [PDF p.62] ===
corona together with the actions of the ship.
The ship had flown due west, toward the northern border of Ft. Bliss, near El
Paso, Texas. Ft. Bliss was the location of Headquarters, U. S. Army Ordinance,
where Wernher von Braun was appointed research director in the summer of
1945. Von Braun’s main base of operation had been moved to Redstone Arsenal,
Alabama about 1951.
Consistent with the observed behavior, the electro-mechanical system appeared
to instantly synthesize in an internal atomic way, inertia and momentum, things
which normally create problems in acceleration and turning, but which the
system overcame as shown by the evidence of the square, right-angle turns and
extremely rapid acceleration. The system appeared to have very little to do with
“gravity” in the textbook way, even though it did reveal that gravity itself is
apparently due to the same kinds of electro-mechanics. These observations were
taken at face value, as proof of certain facts concerning the nature of the ether,
gravity, inertia, momentum, and electro-mechanical propulsion. It was also taken
as proof of the fact that I saw a machine, that machines are man-made, and that
Tesla had described his invention of a flying machine which had these
properties.
I had observed whole squadrons of saucers flying at high altitude in formation at
night, beginning in 1946, and continuing in 1947 through 1953 at our next
house, during which time I slept outdoors in our back yard. The squadrons
arrived over our town from the direction of New Mexico, the border of which
was about ten miles north. The ships departed back to the north after their night-
time maneuvers. Ergo, those particular ships were from a New Mexico base,
which I took to be Holloman AFB at Alamogordo or White Sands Missile
Range.
The night squadron saucers turned in angles of 30 degrees or multiples (30, 60,
90, 120, 180, etc.) which meant those particular multiples (30, 60, 90, 120, 180,
etc.) which meant those particular vintage Peiltochterkompass was used on.
My observations, together with all the written information on the
Peiltochterkompass, and an analysis of the device itself, revealed quite a lot
about the German “Kurskreisel Tochterkompass-p2" and the propulsion system:
1. The ships were electro-mechanically propelled;
2. the propulsion system created an electric field around the saucers which
necessitated the development of a celestial guidance system and compass since


=== [PDF p.63] ===
necessitated the development of a celestial guidance system and compass, since
a magnetic compass would be useless due to the “Faraday cage” effect;
3. the ship was a circular, discus-shaped craft, which turned in 12 peripheral
directions (thirty degrees each) of the compass, plus “up” and “down”;
4. the ships used a celestially oriented master navigational gyro (“Kurskreisel”),
calibrated prior to take-off to the Pole Star, Arcturus, as the frame of reference
with which to navigate the ship using an electromagnetic slave compass
(“Tochterkompass”), which was also interconnected to stepping switches which
actuated the ship’s bi-polar propulsion electrodes as the pilot wished;
5. the system canceled the normal effects of gravity, inertia, and momentum, and
instantly synthesized momentum in the chosen direction, without disturbing the
operation of the master gyro, which continued to maintain its heading during
flights, apparently because of its ‘internal’ inertia/momentum within the ship’s
outer shell;
6. the instant turns showed an incompressible ether which is integrally locked
with mass in the phenomena of inertia, momentum, and gravity.
The celestial orientation of the Kurskreisel to the Pole Star meant that no matter
where on earth the ship flew, true north would be correctly indicated. If a line is
drawn from the Pole Star down through the center of the earth, this is the axis
around which the earth revolves. This master gyro had electrical contacts around
it’s gimbal so that as the ship was turned in the 30-degree increments, the
contacts would relay that information to the slave compass so that the small
motor would come on and rotate the geared flight direction indicator ring until it
showed the correct direction of flight in relation to true north.
Since the 1953 daylight sighting, I have seen many other electro-mechanical
craft, but one of the best sightings I made was on a moonlit night while soaking
in a hot tub.
Rub-a-Dub-Dub, Seven Folks in a Hot Tub
On a Wednesday evening, January 24, 1996, at approximately 7:00 PM, I sat in a
hot tub with seven other people, at the Ten Thousand Waves Japanese Bath
House, located on the western slopes of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, in the
Hyde Park vicinity above Santa Fe, New Mexico. As I steamed in the tub,


=== [PDF p.64] ===
conversation between a couple from Denver and myself drifted from the dangers
of fluoride to “What do you do?”, to which I answered, “I write some”. Asked
what I had written, I answered “A book called Space Aliens From the
Pentagon” .
A beautiful woman on my right exclaimed “I have your book. I’m a friend of
Alex and Rex. I love your book so much, and so do they.” I thanked her and we
exchanged introductions, and then I said “I see saucers up here almost every
time I’m here after dark...and as a matter of fact, there’s one right there”
(pointing out a flashing aircraft flying slowly easterly about 15 degrees to the
lower left of the crescent moon, at a distance of about 10,000 feet from us).
A heckler across the tub said “Aww, that’s a plane”, to which I responded,
“There’s another one...and if they’re planes, why have they parked? (The ships
had become stationary in the air.) The flashing lights mask an underlying glow.
The eye recoils from a flash, and never has time to recover before another flash.
When they move faster, they glow brighter, which is why they are going so
slowly.”
No sooner had I spoken than the stationary ship on the left quit flashing, and
turned into a much larger dark, glowing green shape like a football field
surrounded by a track. Around the “track” was a dark strip, with a purple corona
outside that, produced by the Tesla coils. I could see the curvature of its bottom
as it moved, flying in a large circle, as I followed it with my outstretched arm
and index finger, and my fellow hot-tubbers oggled in jaw-dropped amazement.
The following is a black-and-white photo of a painting I did of the saucer, as
seen from the bottom. The ship is moving upward in the illustration, in the
direction in which the electrostatic leaders are moving:


=== [PDF p.65] ===
It returned to its starting point, stopped instantly and began flashing like a small
plane again. This took approximately ten seconds. Since the ship appeared about
three-quarters of an inch long at arm’s length (about 2 feet), at the 10,000-foot
distance, it was around 400 feet long and 250 feet wide. Since the diameter of
the circle it flew in was about 30 degrees, its speed was about 2,000 mph (the
speed didn’t surprise me since I had clocked the one I saw in 1953 over our back
yard at a minimum of 36,000 mph when it departed; I had also clocked one on a
radar scope at Keesler A.F.B., Mississippi in 1956 doing 4,000 mph flying over
Lake Ponchartrain).
I almost missed this ship because I didn’t have my glasses, and because it
appeared to have been “stealth-ized”—designed to be concealed by the dark


=== [PDF p.66] ===
night sky, by controlling its emission color to be dark green, with the purple
corona also being dark, so as to more closely match the light value of and blend
into the night sky. The main ‘give-away’ was the color differences.
Others in the tub—most of whom didn’t need glasses—saw it more sharply than
I, yet wouldn’t have seen it at all had I not pointed it out to them. I probably
would not have seen it myself had I not been observing as a habit, the flashing
ships beforehand, with the moon so close above, creating some back-lighting
which helped to define the larger, darker silhouette when it arrived. Moreover,
the real reason I saw it, was my own preconscious mental selfconditioning.
I was amazed at its large size, since, when flashing, it appeared like a small
plane with beacon. When I finally looked back to the other side of the tub, the
heckler was gone, the on-cue saucer demo being apparently too much for him. If
the saucer crew had been listening to my words, their performance couldn’t have
been more perfectly timed. Bravo! Do they also have some computer software
that reads lips? It is my theory that the human saucer-jockies have chosen that
particular location to do some “testing”, because of the titillating availability of
the numerous private hot tubs open to the night sky, occupied by private nude
couples of all sexual persuasions, easily video taped by them. I can see them
trading the tapes among themselves, another good reason to “...keep the secret”
to avoid prosecution for invasion of privacy and violation of voyeurism laws.
It was the first time I had seen the green-glowing type reported years ago by
astronomer Clyde Tombaugh, then recognized as the discoverer of the planet
Pluto. It was the second most graphic demonstration of the saucer technology I
have witnessed. If I had not spotted it, it is probable that none of us would have
seen anything extraordinary, excluding the beautiful lady next to me who liked
my book, and was a strong competition to the saucers. Incidentally, the female
breast shape may be “natures most nearly-perfect shape for a flying saucer
design.” The “green-glowing” type was apparently the result of research
designed to make the ships less visible in the night sky, since the early models—
such as the “foo-fighters” (“Fliegende Schildkrote” [Flying Turtle] and
“Kugelblitz” [Ball Lightening]) glowed brightly. The oblong design (as
distinguished from the circular or ‘peripheral’ saucers) comports with what I call
the “linear type”. According to a friend who is an expert spectrographer, the
green corona indicated atomic absorption, which I presume to be ‘stealth’
technology used to suppress the white light spectrum. He seemed to think
sodium based coatings, while I think maybe chromium, because it appeared to be
a veridian (“chrome”) green The soft ‘cloudy’ green also indicated positive


=== [PDF p.67] ===
a veridian ( chrome ) green. The soft, cloudy green also indicated positive
corona, as distinguished from the ‘hairy’ negative (purple) corona around the
outer periphery, and usually seen on Tesla coils.
Comparison to Other Sightings
Though remarkable, the hot tub sighting was not a clear, “daylight”, “close-
range” sighting, like the first good sighting which I had personally made on a
bright, late summer afternoon in West Texas, in 1953, within 250-300 feet, right
over our back yard, in Kermit, Texas, as our family and friends were having an
ice cream party. I had been the last in my family and neighborhood to see a
saucer in a close-up daylight sighting, since three had appeared on two
consecutive days, June 1st and 2nd, 1950, while I was unfortunately in the Davis
Mountains about 120 miles to the west. My father in his lifetime had seen more
than I had, and was once held in his car for 15-30 minutes, on the night of Nov.
2, 1957, just south of Levelland, Texas, by one of the 200-foot-long ships, which
had scared the livin’ daylights out of him. The thing hovered within ten feet of
his car top, killed his engine, and burned out all his lights, yet failed to burn out a
single fuse in any of the car’s circuits. The saucer’s electric field was apparently
so strong that it arrested current flow, and was strong enough to cancel the
magnetic fields in the generator and circuits. The white-hot tungsten filaments of
the bulbs were the weakest points in the circuits, and the saucer’s pulse currents
apparently subjected them to magnetic and electric shear forces which broke
them apart.
My father had to drive back to Levelland in the dark, spend the night in a motel,
then drive home to Odessa, Texas at dawn’s first light. He arrived home about
7:30 AM, had a quick breakfast, and left for Sewell Ford to have his lights fixed,
saying nothing about the saucer. I turned on the TV for the morning news as he
left, and realized that he had been one of the several drivers held by the ship (or
ships) that night. I went to Sewell Ford and questioned him about it as the
mechanic fixed the lights, and he asked me how I knew about the ship, and I told
him it was on the news. He said he didn’t want to be called “crazy”, so had
remained silent. This was what I call “anti-paranoia”. It is sometimes reasonable
to fear ridicule created by false government propaganda.
Later, in 1963, I had the opportunity to discuss the matter more fully with the
sheriff of Hockley County, while working in Brownfield, Texas. The ship seen
by my father matched in shape, appearance, and performance, the type observed
by deputy Lonnie Zamora, near Socorro, New Mexico. Zamora had at first
f


=== [PDF p.68] ===
described the crew of the ship he saw as typical G.I.s in gray-green Air Force
flight suits, but later altered his story, saying they were “...about the size of
children”. This was after the security spooks had ‘leaned’ on him.
In 1993 to 1998, ships could be seen almost any night in the area where I live in
New Mexico, and were very profuse in an even more obvious way around the
Cheyenne Mountain area to the south of Colorado Springs, Colorado, where the
underground NORAD complex is located. The prevalence of the ships near my
home diminished rapidly after my books became more widely read, as this
caused a lot of people to begin observing them.
There has been another separate problem which I previously thought to be
unrelated, the fact that I have been working on a book about ancient petroglyphs
and have been blocked out of the San Cristóbal Ranch which I had free access to
for over sixteen years before it fell into the hands of Ronald Reagan’s blind trust.
The trustee was John Henry Singleton, who eventually bought the over 81,000-
acre ranch, which has some of the most important petroglyphs I know of for my
research. The gluttonous ranch holdings for “Singleton Ranches” (there are
several in New Mexico and some in California) had apparently become the
receptacle for the large corporate income derived from military contracts by the
two military-industrial complex corporations which Singleton was cocreator of,
Teledyne and Raytheon. I had always believed that the reason I was blocked out
of the ranch after the change in ownership was because of the archeologists, who
hate my competing discoveries, and don’t want them published. I now know that
the reason is additionally and especially due to my UFO research, made apparent
after I gave them a copy of Space Aliens From the Pentagon in 1994, after
which I was immediately and threateningly blocked out of the ranch. I am
humiliated by the shoddy and rude treatment and I have never encountered such
inhospitable behavior by land owners in the Southwest---who are usually
dignified and hospitable---and maybe that is because these corporate, military-
industrial complextype people from Los Angeles just don’t fit in here.
In January, 2010, as I was watching TV in the dark at 2:00 A.M. because I
couldn’t sleep, I spotted a large discoid ship passing by through the large
window above my TV on a downward path toward the ranch. Two minutes later
I saw a second ship identical to the first one on the very same glide path toward
the ranch. In the following nights when I traveled down the highway going home
from Santa Fe I observed ships coming out of and going to the ranch. There is a
saucer base over there. I should have figured this out before since Ratheon and
Teledyne, and some of their many subsidiaries, manufacture components for


=== [PDF p.69] ===
Teledyne, and some of their many subsidiaries, manufacture components for
UFOs. Their security there is way too high to be explained by mere
“archaeological digs”. They don’t want me over there because they fear I’d
discover the base. And now I have.
With the several direct observations or reports from those in my family or from
close friends kept firmly in mind, let’s see what more can be found in ether
theory history to reflect on them.
The Ether and “Ponderable Matter”
In 1879, James Clerk Maxwell (1831-1879) said that the velocity of the solar
system relative to the ether could be determined by observing the retardation of
the eclipses of Jupiter’s satellites. The purportedly observed behavior—in which
the light of a star can be viewed with a steady image as the earth moves through
space— indicates a stationary ether relative to a moving earth, solar system, and
other bodies. But according to Tesla, this idea was defective, since you could not
make such an observation on earth because the ether within earth’s electric field
is carried along with the earth. You might be able to make such an observation in
outer space.
The ether is ultra-fine and presumably composed of positive and negative
electric matter, which pervades all so-called “free space” as well as space
“occupied” by “mass”—which the old ether physicists called “ponderable
matter”—even though mostly “space”. Since the ether is stationary near the
earth, it is ‘ponderable matter’, at least where the ether is rigidified by earth’s
rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials and electric field.
The ether is transparent and does not refract or reflect light because of its
“inconceivable tenuity” (Tesla said), although it is said to behave as a solid to
light and heat. To “access” the ether in a propulsive way, rapidly-varying high
voltage electrostatic potentials are required, in accord with Tesla's sound waves
in the ether theory, first confirmed by the tests conducted by Tesla in 1891 (later
detailed in his 1891 lecture before the A.I.E.E., Columbia College, N.Y.).
Tesla’s tests confirmed a reaction which was more than the feeble ionic reaction
of light gases or so-called “electro-gravitics” such as those that the misinforming
1950s “patents” of T. Townsend Brown, later used in attempt to induce the
gullible public to believe was the correct technology. After his tests, Tesla stated
that the ether became a “solid state” medium which could be accessed by
subjecting it to electrostatic impulses of “sufficiently high voltage and
frequency”.


=== [PDF p.70] ===
The ether also becomes more apparent when there is a sudden change in the
direction of motion, rate of acceleration, or velocity of a body. The relative
movement of a charged body, equivalent to current, apparently creates a new
degree of electrical displacement of the ether through which it moves, and
influences the resistance to changes in velocity through the affected ether by the
protons, neutrons and electrons composing the body itself. The increased work
required to move such a charged sphere—the increased “resistance to change”
called “inertia”—reflected by the increase in its tendency to remain in its current
state of motion (actually its current “momentum”), demonstrates that the
changes have created the resistance to movement of the sphere through the space
through which it moves. Therefore, once in relative motion at a constant velocity
—though more work was initially required due to the increased charges to give it
that increased relative motion—the sphere’s momentum should be increased
consistent to an increase in its “virtual mass”. This should make it clear that both
inertia and momentum are caused by the same thing, which is a persistence in
the reaction patterns in the atomic and electrostatic structure of the mass to
maintain its present state of motion due to its properties as they are affected by
the ether. Just as changing magnetic fields or electric fields are required for
inductance, the creation of such changing electrostatic fields are the basis for
producing the sound waves in the ether for Tesla's electro-mechanical
momentum.
All bodies are in motion, and within all bodies, protons, neutrons and electrons
are always in motion, because “elasticity” and vibratory motion occurs in
“ponderable matter” even when a body is at relative “rest”. The ether apparently
sets up certain patterns of motion in ponderable matter passing through it,
relative to that motion, and changes in those patterns brought about by
electrostatic inductance can impart new motion to that matter, or inhibit its
motion as shown by the charged sphere. It is clear that something in space
affects motion, otherwise it wouldn't be harder to move a charged sphere through
the space so engendered.
A body at relative rest on the earth sits within the ether rigidified by earth’s
rapidly-varying electrostatically-induced mechanical waves, and there is a down-
force on that body called “gravity” created by the tubes of force being pulled
down. As a body on earth moves parallel to earth’s surface through the ether
within its electric field, rigidified by earth’s rapidly-varying electrostatic
potentials (creating sound waves in the ether), it accumulates some of these ether
“tubes of force” commensurate to its motion, which gives it added horizontal
momentum


=== [PDF p.71] ===
momentum.
It is possible that the tubes of force, induced to flow into an earth-bound body,
can cause a downward thrust on the body’s atoms, away from the pre-existing
“equilibrium position” (which the atoms would occupy in the absence of earth’s
electric field) which we call “gravity”. The equilibrium position for the electrical
particles of ponderable matter varies according to mass density and displacement
of the ether. A change in this electric displacement may result in a new
equilibrium position. The body always moves toward equilibrium. The time-
relative aspect of the rate of acceleration of a falling body is apparently due to its
relative accumulated and dissolved tubes of force as it falls, regardless of its
mass density.
In summary, inside an earth-bound body at relative rest there is a difference in
ether displacement effects from that which exists outside the body in free space.
Since earth’s electric field is vertically graduated through the intermediate space
between the negative at earth’s surface and the positive at the ionosphere, the
electric properties of mass are subjected to graduated strains. The effect of
electrical displacement and gravity vary accordingly, somewhat like Newton’s
“inverse square” law. It is here that a difference between the “force of gravity”
and the effects of inertia and momentum become apparent, since outside the
earth’s electric field there is apparently no gravity.
Traditionally, inertia has always been considered (according to Newton’s First
Law of Motion) the tendency of a body “at rest” (actually in “constant velocity”
with earth) to continue its state of rest (or constant velocity), unless acted upon
by an external force. Since all bodies at relative rest are already moving at the
same “constant velocity” of the earth however, only changes in movement
relative to earth are at issue, and any such changes affect the patterns of flow
within mass of the tubes of force, as the body moves through the rigidified ether,
at any given time. Since only a body which moves relative to the earth has been
traditionally said to have “momentum” (“the product of a body’s mass and
velocity”), this rule ignores the fact that all bodies “at rest” relative to earth
already have “momentum” therefore “inertia”. And Tesla turned these theories
upside down.
Momentum and inertia are apparently due to the exact same “tendency”, which
relates ultimately to a frame of reference to the universal ether, but for
convenience—since we don’t have an absolute “fix” on the ether—we use the
moving earth as a frame of reference from which to measure a body’s rate of


=== [PDF p.72] ===
change relative to the ether, as the earth maintains it relatively constant velocity.
There is a special case on earth, because the ether within earth’s electric field has
been “conditioned”—that is, it has been subjected to electric strain. This
comports with Tesla’s statement concerning the effects of “rapidly varying
electrostatic forces” emanating from the earth.
The earth has momentum within the sun’s frame of reference, just as a moving
car has momentum within the earth’s frame of reference. Some physicists have
mistakenly applied a “gravitational field of influence” idea, thinking this
somehow isolates a body from references outside this field. I believe that this is
only an “apparent effect” and that earth’s “gravitational field” is a product of its
moving electric field (a “current”) as it influences the ether within it, and that the
so-called “gravity field” extends no further than earth’s electric field.
Momentum is due to the accumulation inside a body of the dissolving tubes of
force as the body passes through the ether, or in the case of UFO propulsion, the
electro-mechanical inducement of the inward flow and dissolution of the tubes
of force imparting mechanical momentum to the ship. The rotation of these tubes
of force is the product of the magnetic rotation of the plane of polarization first
identified by Michael Faraday. Any variance from the earth’s uniform motion
results in a resistance to change in the orientation of the tubes of force, since the
rotating tubes of force spin around their irrotational ether cores over a given time
and a change in motion forces them to rotate around a greater or lesser quantity
of ether depending on whether the change is an acceleration or deceleration. The
tubes possess electro-mechanical force which is at least 1040 power times
stronger than the gravitational interaction (or 2 X 1039 power times stronger than
the so-called gravitational attractive force), which explains why these tiny tubes
can have such a great influence over a mass in motion. This force is locked into
the discrete flow pattern between the ether and the tubes, which are coupled to
the ‘ponderable matter’ structure which is the recipient of the momentum.
Though the flow patterns are always gradually changing because of the continual
reorientation of the earth as it moves in its angular momentum around the sun
and in its motion with and within the solar system, these changes are sensually
imperceptible because they are so gradual over time, with effects which are
virtually constant. Though the changes are too slow to sense, the action of the
tides are related to them as well as the electrical displacements caused by the
positions of the moon relative to earth.
The natural gravity force is always normally toward the earth which is


=== [PDF p.73] ===
The natural gravity force is always normally toward the earth, which is
negatively charged, within earth’s electric/gravity field, due to the polarity of
that field, since the negative component of the ether in free space is electrically
displaced upward by the repulsion of like charges. Meanwhile the inertial
characteristics of positive mass is forced and attracted downward, and is more
resistant to the changes in displacement.
The movement of ether particles is related to the gravity force. Due to the greater
velocity of the electromagnetic interaction at C however, this down-force is
irrespective to the direction of earth’s movement since the interaction between
the electrical components of matter and the ether due to the conditioning by the
earth’s electric field, is vertically polarized. This creates the same proximate
effect on mass over time, irrespective as to earth’s orientation relative to the
ether external to the earth’s electric field.
Orbiting Planets and Satellites
The concept that a satellite in orbit around earth is “held” in orbit by “earth’s
field of gravity” seems false. The logical implication of my analysis is that the
orbital path taken by a body is because it “sees” that path as one of least
resistance, as if it were a straight and level path. Since for a given radius above
earth the ether is displaced to a certain degree, an orbiting body would
experience an accelerating force which would be met by inertia if it were to
move upward, and a decelerating force which would be met by momentum if it
were to move downward. Its path in force-free constant velocity remains at a
constant radius or level of ether displacement, as the path of least resistance.
Since the determinate factor which limits a body’s motion is the reactance of its
internal electrical content with the ether at its particular degree of displacement
by earth’s electric field at a given altitude, an orbiting body “sees” its orbital
path along a path of like displacement. This is contrasted to how Einstein said
that space and time are “wrapped” around a large spinning body as it moves
through space because, without an ether, there would be nothing in “empty
space” to wrap, and time cannot be wrapped because it doesn’t exist as an entity,
being our human concept invented to measure the rate at which events occur.
One of the revealing facts obviated by films of astronauts floating in the so-
called “gravity-free” space of an orbiting space station, is the contradictory
assertion that the space station is “held” in orbit by earth’s gravity. If earth’s
gravity exerted sufficient force to hold the station in orbit, the internal
i
ld
b “
i
f
” b
ld
ll h
d


=== [PDF p.74] ===
environment would not be “gravity free”, but would pull the astronauts down to
the floor, instead of allowing them to float all around inside, as we’ve seen so
many times on TV. Yet, there is sufficient elasticity within the internal masses of
the astronauts’ bodies, between electrical content and the ether, to allow
movement in that manner.
If one calculates the phenomenon on a scale model of the earth one foot in
diameter, the orbits of the astronauts would be only a tiny fraction of an inch
above the surface. For there to be “no gravity” at that “altitude” shows the
ridiculousness of the loss of gravity and refutes Newton’s inverse square law.
But after all, Boscovich was the father of Relativism and Newton’s corpuscular
theory of light was the basis for the eventual elimination of ether theory from
textbook science.
CHAPTER IV: HISTORICAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE THEORY
Rotatory Motion and the “Screw Effect”
Wm. Thomson (Lord Kelvin) asserted that magnetism possesses a “rotatory”
character related to heat or the thermal motions of a body 17 . Nikola Tesla made
many references to Wm. Thomson, pointing to his work as a prelude to his own
discoveries and
17 17. Wm. Thomson, Proc. R.S. viii (1856), p. 150.
applications which especially intensified in 1892. A review of the work of the
world’s major minds leading up to Tesla’s breakthrough is necessary to show
just what Tesla discovered and what it meant in respect to ether physics and
physics in general. This is a task made more difficult by the concealment of
Tesla’s papers by the U. S. government. And incredibly, the suppression of Tesla
began before the 20th century by the absence of references to Tesla or his work
by the “Good Old Boys’ Club” in Europe.
Around 1870, Thomson had conducted experiments which seemed to indicate
that “gravitational action” could be induced by spheroidal bodies oscillated by
electrical currents or mechanical pulses18 . The surface pulsations could cause
attractions or repulsions in respect to other bodies, as verified by Thomson.
Tesla was aware of Thomson’s work during his student days in Graz, Austria,
beginning in 1875 when he was nineteen. Thomson’s work undoubtedly served
as a spark of inspiration for Tesla in his early conception of an “ideal flying


=== [PDF p.75] ===
machine” which would be propelled by electricity acting upon the ether. This
explains Tesla’s continual references to Thomson, such as demonstrating during
his 1892 London lecture a ‘luminous wire’ sign powered by a Tesla coil, which
said “WILLIAM THOMSON”.
At first, Thomson found that ponderomotive forces act between two solid bodies
immersed in an incompressible fluid, when one of the bodies is immobilized and
made to oscillate with a force which acts along a line between its center and that
of a much larger sphere which is free. The free sphere was attracted to the
smaller (immobilized) sphere, if its density was greater than the fluid, while a
sphere of less density than the fluid was repelled or attracted, according to the
ratio of its distance to the vibrator in relation to a certain quantity.19
Thomson’s experiments were analogical ones, for which he had evoked praise
from his contemporaries even when he was still a teenager, although his refusal
to believe anyone’s assertions unless he could build an analogical model to
prove them often led to the consternation of his contemporaries, such as
Maxwell, who relied often on mathematical equations. The sphere experiments
were designed to use mechanical and electrical wave methods to construct a
model to probe the gravitational, inertial and momentum reactions of solid
bodies in the ether.
18 18. F. Guthrie, Phil. Mag. xli (1871), p. 405. 
19 19. Wm. Thomson, Phil. Mag. xli (1871), p. 405; Letter, Thomson to Guthrie, p. 427.
The Faraday Effect—the rotation of the plane of polarization of radiation in a
dielectric medium (such as the atmosphere and certain solid materials) in a
magnetic field—stated that the angle of rotation of radiation is proportional to
the magnetic field strength and the length of the path in the medium in the field.
These early experimenters also knew there was a connection between the
rotatory motion and momentum, and sought to find it.
The rotatory (versus the linear) character of magnetic phenomena was
strengthened by Thomson’s experimentally verified conclusions on the magnetic
rotation of light. This rotatory character not only influenced Tesla’s discovery of
the rotating magnetic field, but is also fundamental to inertia and momentum, as
I will later explain, since movement of a charged body constitutes a current
which creates a magnetic field which creates the rotatory motion which
hypothetically may “bore” through momentum-carrying ether particles to create
electromechanical momentum


=== [PDF p.76] ===
electromechanical momentum.
Thomson’s system was later investigated by C. A. Bjerknes between 1877 and
1910. Bjerknes showed that when two spheres immersed in an incompressible
fluid were pulsated, they exerted a mutual attraction which obeyed Newton’s
inverse square law if the pulsations were in phase, while if the phases differed by
a half wave, the spheres repelled. At one quarter wave difference, there was no
action. Where pulses were non-instantaneous at distances greater that a quarter
wavelength, attractions and repulsions were reversed.20
These conclusions were hypothetically related to possible propulsion. The
publishing of these researches and experiments in the physical journals of
Europe were available to Nikola Tesla during his student days at the Polytechnic
Institute in Graz, Austria, and at the University of Prague, in Czechoslovakia.
Tesla could read and understand all these pertinent journals in their original
languages.
Around 1878, George Francis FitzGerald (1851-1901) 21 compared magnetic
force and velocity in a quasi-elastic solid, based on a model devised earlier by
James MacCullagh (1809-47)22 , whose model was the only one which could
propagate waves with the properties of light. This was obviously analogous to
the electromagnetic theory of light—as shown by MacCullagh’s ether equation
of motion and ether theory which made it feasible to extend ether concepts to
represent optical phenomena, along with magnetic and electrical interaction.
According to Tesla the electromagnetic theory of light was erroneous because
the ether is not a solid capable of transmitting transverse waves. To Tesla, light
is also sound waves in the ether and is mechanical and not electrical or magnetic.
20 20. C. A. Bjerknes, Repertorium d. Mathematik I (Leipzig, 1877) p. 268; Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc. iii
(1879), p. 276; iv (1880), p. 29. 
21 21. George Francis FitzGerald, Phil. Trans. clxxi (1880), p. 691; FitzGerald’s Scientific
An Electrostatic Charge Carried Around
In 1879, Edwin H. Hall23 , a student in Baltimore, repeated an experiment
suggested by H. A. Rowland, his professor, whose original experiment with a
gold-foil-covered ebonite disk in a magnetic field showed that electric charges
on a disk were carried around with it as it was rotated.24 In Hall’s experiment, a
gold leaf strip in which a current was flowing, was placed into a magnetic gap.


=== [PDF p.77] ===
This produced an electromotive force at right angles to the magnetic field and
the current, which was proportional to the product of the two. Called the “Hall
Effect”, it was already inherent in the three previous effects discovered much
earlier by Faraday.
Faraday had discovered induction, by forcing a conductor through a magnetic
field, cutting the lines of magnetic force and producing a current in the
conductor, and also produced a magnetic field in an unmagnetized iron core, by
forcing a current-carrying conductor through a gap between the poles of the
core. Faraday’s third effect was the generation of a current. Though Hall’s effect
was inherent in the fact that it was the reverse of the force required by Faraday to
push the conductor through a magnetic field, Hall’s work completed the triad of
effects, by experimental verification. This electromagnetic principal applies to
solids not to the ether in free
Writings, p. 45. 
22 22. James MacCullagh, Brit. Assoc. Rep., (1835). 
23 23. Edwin H. Hall, Amer. Jour. Math. ii (1879), p. 287. 
24 24. H. A. Rowland, Ann. d. Phys, clviii (1876), p. 487.
space. This is the basis for MHD (Magneto-Hydrodynamic) generators, and is
integral to fluid propulsion.
Since the galvanometer needle in Hall’s experiment was deflected only when the
magnetic field arose or collapsed, the physical thrust created was a vector
product which had already been expressly suggested by Maxwell25 almost 15
years earlier (derived from Maxwell’s analysis relative to Faraday’s work of ca.
1845), though Maxwell failed to follow up with experiment (because he died),
but the equations are still used.
Though it was said by Whittaker that the Hall Effect, like the magnetic rotation
of light, occurs only in ponderable bodies and not in the “free ether”, this
statement is patently false since the effect actually depends on the conductivity
of a medium. The fact that the effect occurs in ‘ponderable bodies’ and
‘conductive media’ however, seems important for electro-mechanical
propulsion, since it shows the reaction between such bodies and media and the
underlying “ether framework” which is accessed in the process.
Since the “natural media” (the ether and the atmosphere) so often referred to by


=== [PDF p.78] ===
Tesla in his patents become conductive under the influence of an electrostatic
force of sufficiently high voltage and frequency, the effects of electrostatics on
the free ether, dependent upon proper conditions, can impart momentum to a
ponderable body, so as to move it though the free ether. A startling proof that
Tesla's sound waves work in the free ether, was Tesla’s electro-mechanical plate
suspensions in his laboratory in 1898.26 This was also verified by Tesla’s
transmission of mechanical energy through space by longitudinal sound waves
which travel at C, as explained in his 1892 Lecture before the Institute of
Electrical Engineers, London. This also showed Tesla’s priority with radio
discovery.
Since an electric field ‘displaces’ the ether—which is the basis for MHD
pumping (especially when pulsed)—the effect actually showed an operable
“electromotive force” (“emf”), or “electro-propulsive force”, between
ponderable bodies and the ether, by means of electro-mechanical action. But the
high voltage and high frequency are required to ‘access’ the ether. Tesla had
succeeded in transmitting mechanical energy by means of high voltage, high
frequency electrostatically-induced sound waves —“radio waves”—‘accessing’
the ether. Tesla’s work at that point had already verified experimentally
everything that he said and refuted what Maxwell had “mathematically”
analyzed as being the supposed “electromagnetic” nature of light ---Faraday’s
theory---which is false because the ether is not a solid but a gas.
25 25. G. C. Maxwell, Treatise, (1862). 
26 26. F.B.I. Papers, (1943), disclosed through the Freedom Of Information, in the statement of Marguerite
Merrington. The FBI disclosure documents also show that the contents of Tesla’s safe, two truckloads of
papers and apparati, 75 packing crates and trunks and another 80 large storage trunks were all removed and
stored in the warehouse of the Custodian of Alien Properties in New York in 1943.
Though it was implied, the literature available to me failed to explicitly state the
idea that inertia and momentum are the products of an electrostatic force acting
on the ether which acts within bodies and all space. Neither was it specified that
a pulsating sphere or other ponderable body can be propelled through the ether,
without the presence of another sphere or ponderable body to pull against—
except in the statements of Nikola Tesla and his “Flivver” electromechanical
“ideal flying machine”.
In 1884, the year Tesla invented the rotating magnetic field, J. J. Thomson
attempted to determine the field produced by a moving electrified sphere, and
the mathematical development of the theory accelerated. It was naturally easier


=== [PDF p.79] ===
to solve such problems from the known behaviors of simple geometric forms—
planes, spheres, and cylinders.27
The possibility that the ether was composed of positive charges carrying their
own ‘sub-quantum’ negative charges which were elastic and could be displaced
had apparently evaded the thinking of Thomson, who had discovered the
electron, the charge of which was considered indivisible. Although he had
assumed that displacement currents must occur in the ether, he had earlier
thought this was due to the magnetic effects of moving charges, though he failed
to show how the displacement currents occurred, or what their specific effects
were in terms of inertia and momentum, until after Tesla’s 1892 lecture in
London, which he attended.
There was already a sort of battle brewing between the proponents of classical
electrodynamics and the proponents led by
27 27. J. J. Thomson, Proc. Lond. Math. Soc. xv (1884), p. 197.
Maxwell of an electromagnetic theory of light. To the former, conductivity
occurred in metal wires, etc., while with Maxwell, it occurred in the surrounding
dielectrics and ether-filled space, with the conductors serving only to “guide” the
action. Tesla departed from the Faraday/Maxwell camp, particularly on some
major points such as a solid versus a gaseous ether. Maxwell's work seems valid
in terms of electromagnetic effects in solids. FitzGerald attempted to unify the
two views by arguing that Maxwell’s unification was valid because radiation
could be generated by purely electrical means. It is interesting to see how these
researches contrasted with the development of the electro-mechanical propulsion
of Tesla.
Along this line, Wm. Thomson (1884) first considered a charged sphere moving
uniformly in a straight line. He assumed that the electric charges were uniformly
distributed, with an electric field the same in all directions, no matter what
position the sphere was in, the same as if it were at rest. This assumption proved
true so long as the velocity of the sphere and the velocity of light were neglected.
In 1889, Wm. Thomson stated28 , “Rotational vortex-cores must be discarded;
and we must have nothing but irrotational revolution and vacuous cores.” By
this, Thomson meant that the vacuous “ether” inside rotating tubes of
electromagnetism did not rotate. Perhaps meaning that if the cores rotated along
with the rotating tubes of electromagnetic force, it would neutralize the


=== [PDF p.80] ===
electromechanical action by which the tubes of force move.
FitzGerald found a purported error in Thomson’s work, saying that the required
“circuital condition” was not satisfied unless the moving charges on the sphere
were considered as current, combined with the displacement and convection
currents due to the motion. In correcting Thomson’s error, FitzGerald went
overboard in concluding that the magnetic force due to the displacement currents
of the moving sphere had no resultant effect.
In 1888, Oliver Heaviside showed that the electrostatic units “vanished” to the
inside of a moving sphere. This was the opposite to Faraday’s experiment in
which electrostatic charges placed inside a stationary, closed vessel “appeared”
on the outside. Apparently, movement of the sphere—which increased its
momentum—appeared
28 28. Wm. Thomson Proc. Roy. Irish Acad. i (30 Nov. 1889), p. 340. 
to force the charges back inside.
Heaviside’s conception of the “spherical” symmetry of charges during
movement was disproved by G. C. F. Searle in 189629 . Searle found that a
moving “point charge” system is not a sphere, but an oblate spheroid, with a
polar axis along its direction of motion. What Whittaker failed to point out was
the importance of this finding, a connection between inertia, momentum, current,
surface charges “vanishing” and “reappearing”, and an electrical polarity along
the direction of momentum, as well as an electro-mechanical link between the
movement and the ether, since the displacement of the electric lines and polarity
correspond to the movement, consistent to the thinking that the tubes of force
deliver momentum to a body forced to move through the ether.
During this time, Nikola Tesla had not tarried. He had already shown that the
“circuitous condition” could be met in a totally new way. In his lecture before
the A.I.E.E. at Columbia College, N. Y., may 20, 1891, he demonstrated his
years-old technology, and stated that he connected “one terminal” to a lamp and
the other to “an insulated body of the required size. In all cases the insulated
body serves to give off the energy into the surrounding space, and is equivalent
to a return wire.” In this lecture, Tesla also spoke of his electro-mechanical
momentum theory which was similar to J. J. Thomson’s discovery of 189330 ,
which was flawed.


=== [PDF p.81] ===
In the same year as Searle’s finding (1896), W. B. Morton31 similarly showed
that the surface density of a charged body is unaltered by motion, but the lines of
force no longer leave the surface perpendicularly (like the ship I saw while hot-
tubbing). He also found that the energy of the surrounding field is greater when
in motion than when at rest. Since greater work is required to move a charged
sphere, than an uncharged one, with no increase in the actual mass of the sphere,
a connection between moving charges and an ether was verified. This was
considered true because the charges increase the “virtual mass” of the sphere,
and the self-induction of convection currents is formed when the charges are set
in motion by movement of the sphere, but neither of these explanations seemed
to explicitly note that a force between a moving charged mass and the space
through which it moves must have an ether framework to push or pull against, or
that a current is caused to flow between matter and the ether, (as in Tesla's
“circuital condition”) due to the movement.
29 29. G. C. F. Searle, Phil. Trans. clxxxvii (1896), p. 675. 
30 30. J. J. Thomson, Recent Researches in Elect. and Mag.,, (1893), p. 13 (Supra.). 
31 31. W. B. Morton, Phil. Mag. xli (1896), p. 488.
J. Larmor32 suggested that the inertia of ponderable matter may be ultimately
proven to be of this nature, since atoms were constituted of systems of electrons.
If a greater “virtual mass” effect (W. B. Morton, supra) is created electrically,
which increases or decreases the ease of movement of a body through the “free
ether”, and increases the total energy of the moving system, then a link between
ponderable bodies and the ether framework was proven. If the increased charges
opposed a body’s movement, then the system could be reversed to produce a
thrust on the body. This suggested that a system of movement of charges into or
through a sphere would propel it through ether-filled space.
There were similar implications in the works of Faraday, Maxwell, Wm.
Thomson, J. J. Thomson, MacCullagh, Morton, Searle, Heaviside, Hall, and
FitzGerald, of a search for a distinct relationship between momentum and the
movement of charges connected to mass, through an interpenetrating “solid”
ether, rather than the gaseous, dynamic, incompressible, ultra-fine ether of Tesla,
existing in all space and ponderable matter, upon which electromechanical
ponderomotive forces act. Once the equilibrium of the ether was “disturbed” by
the moving charges, the ‘displacement’ could be rectified only by an equal and
opposite reaction, which was the propulsion of the ship. Thomson had accepted
the principle that the ether itself is the vehicle of mechanical momentum. The


=== [PDF p.82] ===
Hall effect had shown that an electromotive thrust (at close range) is produced
along a third axis as a result of a current and magnetic field at right angles.
Though Tesla alleged that this thrust could not be produced “in the free ether”,
but only in ponderable matter, the works of Heaviside, Searle, and Morton
showed that the moving charges could either increase or decrease the normal
ease of movement of a body, which inferred the feasibility of Tesla's theory.
32 32. J. Larmor, Phil. Trans. clxxxvi (1895), p. 697.
Nikola Tesla’s 1938 retrospective statement33 , that he had his Dynamic Theory
of Gravity “all worked out” by 1894. Some available documentation of Tesla’s
work of 1891 or earlier shows that he was already experimentally ahead of the
European field led by Wm. Thomson, J. J. Thomson, Searle, Morton, and
Larmor—to whom he undoubtedly owed a debt. Though some of their
statements were dated earlier, they lacked Tesla’s essential hardware to verify
their theories, or a complete valid theory.
In 1915, Tesla stated34 that his (electro-mechanical) “...manless airship...” would
travel “...300 miles a second...” (1.08 million mph), “...without propelling engine
or wings, sent by electricity to any desired point on the globe...”.
In 1940, Tesla stated35 that he had already tested his four-part Teleforce system,
which included “...a new method for producing a tremendous propelling
force...”, as used on his flying machine, in case anyone noticed.
CHAPTER V: TESLA AND THE GOOD OLD BOYS’ CLUB
When Tesla popped into the picture, the British “Good Old Boys’ Club” had
been debating ether theory for quite some time, and the upstart Tesla must have
hurt the pride of their linemen, by making an end run to make a touchdown.
After his 1892 lectures in London, they said nothing about him in their journals,
never mentioned him. But he had showed them his hardware and how it worked.
So they did mention “Tesla coils” and nothing else.
In 1847, Wm. Thomson, in discussing the motion of a magnetizable body in a
non-uniform field of force, said a charged body attracts a body having a greater
specific inductive capacity than that of the surrounding medium, and repels a
body with a lower specific inductive capacitance, to afford the path of best
conductance to the lines of force.


=== [PDF p.83] ===
Thomson had also stated that an electrode immersed in a fluid insulating
medium (apparently an analogy to a body in ether-filled space), at “...sufficiently
high frequency”, would cause a gravitation of gases all around toward the
electrode, but that the general opinion (of he and his European colleagues) was
that it was “out of the question” that such frequencies could be reached. While
this was theory on Thomson’s part, Tesla had already done the experiment. And
Thomson’s last opinion regarding frequency was soon to be disproved by Tesla,
a close follower and admirer of Thomson’s work.
33 33. Nikola Tesla, Lecture before the Institute of Immigrant Welfare (May 12, 1938). 
34 34. Tesla Article, New York Times, (Dec. 8, 1915). 
35 35. Wm. L. Laurence, New York Times article (Sept. 22, 1940).
In reiteration, the other Thomson—J. J. Thomson—had claimed to have
mathematically developed the theory of moving tubes of force36 . In his Recent
Researches in Electricity and Magnetism , his hypothesis was that “...the aether
is a storehouse of mechanical momentum,” as stated earlier in this book.
Tesla’s lecture before the A.I.E.E., Columbia College in 1891 was based on
earlier experiments. He mentioned the “tubes of force” and disclosed some of his
discoveries concerning the ether and momentum. His Feb. 1892 lecture37 in
London was made at a time when the Good Old Boys were still debating
whether an electromagnetic action could occur in the free ether, at which time
Tesla explained that he planned to run motors at a distance by wireless energy,
with equipment he had already built, and to extract free energy from the
environment. They must have been paralyzed by miscomprehension.
Four years later, Wm. Thomson stated38 his “inclination to speculate” that
“alterations of electrostatic force due to rapidly changing electrification” are
propagated by “...condensational waves in the luminiferous aether.” This
statement seemed to indicate that Thomson was just beginning to take Tesla
seriously. By “condensational waves” he apparently meant Tesla’s mechanical
pressure waves.
In his 1892 London lecture before the Good Old Boys at the Royal Academy,
Tesla had stated that the ‘required’ frequencies— which Thomson had said were
“out of the question” to be produced —were “...much lower than one is apt to
estimate at first”, and continued (in pertinent part, emphasis mine): “ We may
cause the molecules of the gas to collide by the use of alternate electric


=== [PDF p.84] ===
impulses of high frequency, and so we may imitate the process of a flame; and
from experiments with high frequencies which we are now able to obtain, I
think the result is producible with impulses which are transmissible through a
conductor.” “...it appeared to me of great interest to demonstrate the rigidity of
a gaseous column”...“with such low frequencies as, say 10,000 per second
which I was able to obtain without difficulty from a specially constructed
alternator.” “...how must a gaseous medium behave under the influence of
enormous electrostatic stresses which may be active in the interstellar space,
and which may alternate with inconceivable rapidity?”
36 36. J. J. Thomson, Supra. 
37 37 Nikola Tesla, Lecture before the Institute of Electrical Engineers, London (Feb., 1892). 
38 38 Bottomley, Nature liii (1896), p. 268.
Tesla was already talking about outer space. In this respect, Tesla seemed also to
address his Primary Solar Rays. His statements also show he was attempting to
make up his mind as to the characteristics of the ether, such as its rigid or fluidic
states, and under what circumstances it may change, and its static or dynamic
nature, of high or low density, and so forth: “What determines the rigidity of a
body? It must be the speed and amount of moving matter. In a gas the speed
may be considerable, but the density is exceedingly small, in a liquid the speed
would be likely to be small, though the density may be considerable; and in
both cases, the inertia resistance asserts itself. A body might move with more
or less freedom through the vibrating mass, but as a whole it would be rigid.”
This statement reflects Tesla’s earlier tests, as stated (emphasis mine) in his
1891 lecture before the A.I.E.E. at Columbia College in New York, repeated
during his 1892 lectures in London, “...he illustrated how mechanical motions
are produced by a varying electrostatic force acting through a gaseous
medium”. The tubes of force were said to be “...formed of rows of moving
directed molecules” (in this sense, Tesla was referring to “ether molecules”).
Tesla looked upon “...all electrostatic, current and magnetic phenomena as
being due to electrostatic molecular forces.” This statement clarified what Tesla
meant by “molecules”, and this is where Tesla parted ways with J. J. Thomson,
who considered these phenomena to be of a purely electromagnetic nature, while
Tesla regarded electrostatic phenomena to be more important.39
39 39 Nikola Tesla, Lecture before the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia (Feb., 1893); Lecture before
Th
l
t
dd
d h
“
lid b di
”
th
h
ib ti


=== [PDF p.85] ===
These lectures addressed how “solid bodies” can pass through a vibrating,
incompressible mass of ether which, as a whole, is rigid. This is the essence of
how the “inertia resistance” of the underlying ether framework can be
summoned up by an electrified body which activates and rigidifies the ether with
electrostatic impulses of “sufficiently high voltage and frequency”. As the inertia
resistance of the ether “asserts itself” the electrified body can be propelled
through the ether.
Tesla’s “specially constructed alternator” was in one embodiment a 32-inch
diameter one, which, if similar to the type used on the saucer I saw in 1953, was
probably driven by one of Tesla’s bladeless turbines. In the 1890s, Tesla said the
alternator had produced up to 10 amps and 30 kilocycles, like the one below:
The saucer which I saw in 1953 exhibited precessional characteristics which
could have been caused by the use of such an alternator, the output and rpms of
which under the circumstances could have been varied with the power level of
the saucer. The high angle and low frequency of the precessions would be
consistent with the use of a large diameter alternator, which was turned more
slowly at hovering power, and increased in rpm for more power as the ship
accelerated.
Since the alternator would have been attached to the airframe of the saucer, it
could have caused the entire saucer to precess at a high angle and low frequency
at low rpms. But this appeared to be a malfunction or perhaps a defect in the
saucer at that time which had
the National Electric Light Association, St. Louis (March, 1893).
not yet been corrected. A “double plate” gyrostabilizer idea which I mention in


=== [PDF p.86] ===
y
p
gy
the following “bare-bones” saucer design would probably have corrected this
problem, unless it was due to a turbine problem, with the turbine turning too
slowly to maintain correct stability. On the other hand, the problem could have
been caused by a malfunction of the main gyrostabilizer system in which case
the rotating alternator’s precessional characteristics predominated. This situation
is shown in the last illustration in this book, the saucer which I saw in 1953.
The balanced forces holding the ship in mid-air would have been equivalent to
holding it on “gimbals of air”, so that it could have been precessing freely
according to the speed of the rotating alternator’s angular momentum and mass.
This would have required very little force if the main gyro-stabilizer was
malfunctioning, but points up the need for the better gyro-stabilization system
which Tesla emphasized in his 1912-14 statements.
Tesla had anticipated the problem of how to counteract the tendency of his
VTOL-type ship to rotate due to the torque of the propeller, alternator or turbine,
by using two turbines or alternators, turning on parallel axes in the same
direction or counter-rotated, as stated in his patent #1,655,114, Apparatus for
Aerial Transportation, Jan. 3, 1928. In the case of a saucer however two-axis
gyrostabilization is necessary to stabilize the ship, one on horizontal axis to stop
the spin of the ship, the other on vertical axis to keep the ship upright. And then
a special gyro-stabilizer would be required to stop the wild gyrating of the ship
caused by the alternator. But despite any possible malfunction of the main gyro-
stabilizer, the high angle precession problem was solved when the alternator was
spun up to high rpms as the ship departed. It just seemed such a big problem for
the pilot and crew if they were trying to see where they were. I think by the way
the ship made the two 90-degree turns to go about a hundred feet lower in
altitude showed that they suddenly realized that they were over a town and
wanted to diminish the visibility of the ship by the public by those maneuvers.
As the ship accelerated to full speed and power, its low precessional rate and
high precessional angle became a mere highfrequency vibration, as the ship shot
to infinity in three seconds (as I counted them off, “...thousand and one,
thousand and two, thousand and three...”). My calculation of the speed was
based on my being able to see the ship for thirty miles. (I had previously
miscalculated the speed by assuming that I could only see the ship for 7.5 miles,
but I see aircraft coming over the Sandia Mountains thirty miles away all the
time so this was wrong.) Since the ship covered ca. 30 miles in three seconds it
was doing ca. 36,000 mph.


=== [PDF p.87] ===
As the precession of the ship became the high-frequency vibration, this tended to
blur the appearance of its edges, something which has probably made it more
difficult to obtain sharp definitions of the profiles of saucers in photographs and
videos. Coupled with this physical vibration may be the “Faraday effect”—the
“magnetooptical effect” which tends to blur the outlines of objects subjected to
intense electrostatic fields. The extension of the ship’s electric field also extends
its magnetic field, and causes a rotation of the optical plane, so in addition to
visual effects of the high frequency precessional oscillations, the optical plane is
actually rotated to create the weird magneto-optical effects so often reported, and
becomes distorted in the minds of mystics, who think it is some sort of “time
travel” or “inter-dimensional travel” effect, a “spacewarping” or “wrapping
around” of “time and space” by a “rotating body” as it moved through space ala
Einstein, except saucers don’t “revolve”, as proven by my Peiltochterkompass
and visual observations, and Einstein was full of baloney, as Tesla said.
The flying saucer may be powered by a Tesla alternator, powering a Tesla coil,
with improvements which have probably come along in the meanwhile. The
required currents could be conveyed through conductors by means of high
voltage stepping switches or relays, to several coils facilitating the instantaneous
control of a ship. Since an on-board power generator is usually required—unless
the wireless Tesla transmission of power is used—the use of an alternator is
convenient to run a spark gap, coil and condenser combination, since the
necessary high frequency alternations can be easily stepped up to higher voltages
by several closely linked “extra” coils distributed about the ship. That would
make it easier to pipe medium high voltage current around to several coils as
needed. The more modern development of very high K-factor dielectrics now
makes it possible to more easily handle very high voltages and currents and
greatly reduce the size of components, so that a high-output coil of several
million volts can be made only a few inches in diameter, for example.
The master gyro-stabilizer for German ships, according to undocumented rumors
from Germany, was purportedly constructed of two counter-rotating steel plates
with pinion reversing gears between to create equal and opposite rotation. The
precession and torque of one plate would cancel the precession and torque of the
other plate to create the stability that Tesla sought, and may have been the
“special” device which he referred to in 1914 in addition to the turbine, relied on
for gyro-stability. For the high altitude flights that I observed in 1946-47, a
pressurized cockpit would be required. Below is my illustration of the basic
“bare bones” man-made UFO:


=== [PDF p.88] ===
TESLA’S DYNAMIC THEORY OF GRAVITY
According to Tesla’s 1938 Lecture before the Board of Immigrant Welfare40 ,
his Dynamic Theory of Gravity was one of two far reaching discoveries which
he “...worked out in all details” in the years 1893 and 1894. Tesla never
published his complete theory and
40 40 Nikola Tesla (supra). 
the government now possesses all the papers related to it. The 1938 lecture was
less than five years before his death.
More complete statements concerning these discoveries can only be gleaned
from scattered and sparse sources, because the papers of Tesla are concealed in
government vaults for “national security” reasons since 1945. When I
specifically asked for these papers at the “National Security Research Center”—
now the “Robert J. Oppenheimer Research Center”—at Los Alamos National
Laboratory in 1979, though they admitted having the papers, I was denied access
because they were classified and I didn’t have a “badge” (clearance), and even
though on that same day, I discovered the plans for the hydrogen bomb on an
open shelf, and told a Harvard graduate student about it later in the day at a
Santa Fe restaurant. The student went to Los Alamos, copied the plans and wrote
an exposé at Harvard. I asked myself, “What could be in Tesla’s papers in 1943
which is more secret than hydrogen bomb plans?” Of course I already knew the


=== [PDF p.89] ===
answer.
In his 1938 lecture, Tesla said that he was progressing with work on his
Dynamic Theory of Gravity, and hoped to “...give it to the world” as soon as he
had completed his secret developments.
The “two great discoveries” to which Tesla referred were:
1. The Dynamic Theory of Gravity - which assumed a field of force which
accounts for the motions of bodies in space; assumption of this field of force
dispenses with the concept of space curvature ala Einstein; the ether has an
indispensable function in the phenomena (of universal gravity, inertia,
momentum, and the movement of heavenly bodies, as well as all atomic and
molecular matter); and,
2. Environmental Energy - the discovery of a new physical Truth: There is no
energy in matter other than that received from the environment.
In the usual Tesla birthday announcement—on his 79th birthday (1935)—Tesla
made a brief reference to the theory saying it applies to molecules and atoms as
well as to the largest heavenly bodies, and to “...all matter in the universe in any
phase of its existence from its very formation to its ultimate disintegration.”
Those imbued with relativist theory often refer to “pure energy” in some “form”,
but there is no such thing, since “energy” is an abstract “ability” which has no
physical form as an entity unto itself. Who’s to say what “form” is “pure” and
what form is not?
My favorite philosopher, Ayn Rand, said “...In reality, there are no
contradictions. Things are what they are irrespective as to whether we know it or
not. Check your premises.” If the term “energy” is only a convenient abstraction,
then it does not exist in physical form, and really describes a process, the
potential to perform work as a by-product of matter and electromagnetic
radiation in perpetual motion, some of the force of which has been diverted
through a path where it performs the desired work, as it goes on its way though
the universe. Every change of form of form, matter or radiation involves the
“work” which induces the change, or the “work” which is induced by the
change. Without work there is no change, but all work is ultimately the product
of the universe in perpetual, self-sustaining motion, as a rule and not an
exception.


=== [PDF p.90] ===
As for Tesla’s theory, we have hints, such as, that the earth is the “star of human
birth.” In poetic expressions, he referred to scientific meanings in statements
such as, that by using the “thunderbolt of Jove” (the Indo-European sky god),
man “annihilates time and space”, an allusion to the use of electrostatics
(“thunderbolts”) to travel so fast, that time and space are “annihilated”. Where
the government has stolen his papers, we must search for meaning elsewhere. In
an article41 , Tesla outlined his Dynamic Theory of Gravity in poetic form (as
paraphrased by me):
1. That the luminiferous ether fills all space; 
2. That the ether is acted upon by the life-giving creative force;
3. That the ether is thrown into “infinitesimal whirls” at near the speed of
light, becoming ponderable matter; 
4. That when the force subsides and motion ceases, matter reverts to the ether
(similar to “atomic decay”, only non-relativistic)
41 41. John J. O’Neill, Prodigal Genius (1944) pp. 251-52, referring to the Tesla article Man’s Greatest
Achievement . 
5. That man can harness these processes, to:
-Precipitate matter from the ether
-Create whatever he wants with the matter and energy derived
-Alter the earth’s size
-Control earth’s seasons (weather control)
-Guide earth’s path through the Universe, like a space ship
-Cause the collisions of planets to produce new suns and stars,
heat, and light
-Originate and develop life in infinite forms
Tesla was referring to unlimited energy, derived from the environment. Several
of his major free energy discoveries have been the exclusive stolen property of
our Secret Government. The conversion of a weaker force to a stronger force—
electro-mechanical propulsion—used to control the much weaker gravity force,
would accomplish more work in the same amount of time, and therefore produce
“over unity” results.
Some of Tesla’s unusual conceptualization of the ether had been nonetheless


=== [PDF p.91] ===
expounded piecemeal, in his preceding 1890s lectures.42 He later railed against
the limited and erroneous theories of Maxwell, Hertz, Lorentz and Einstein.
Tesla believed that the ether is composed of “independent carriers immersed in
an insulating fluid”. A “carrier” is a conductor. The ether therefor is a conductor.
It is unclear whether Tesla meant that the “insulative fluid” in which the
conductive ether is immersed is the ether's own insulative fluid or the air, which
Tesla often referred to as an insulator. When Tesla spoke of “the medium”, he
meant the ether, as stated here (emphasis mine): “...But the upper strata of the
air are conducting, and so, perhaps, is the medium in free space beyond the
atmosphere, and these may contain an opposite charge.” (Nikola Tesla, High
Frequency and High Potential Currents , Chapter XXVIII, The Philadelphia
and St. Louis Lecture. On Light and Other High Frequency Phenomena,
February and March, 1893). We know today that the ionosphere is positively
charged and that it is conductive. Meanwhile, Tesla said the ether in outer space
may have a negative charge, and is also probably conductive.
42 42. T. C. Martin, Inventions, Researches and Writings of Nicola Tesla, (1894), Chapter XXV
Introduction - The Scope of the Tesla Lectures .
Tesla’s ether was neither the “tenuous” ether with the “solidity of the hardest
steel” of Maxwell and Hertz, nor the half-hearted, gaseous ether of Lorentz.
Though Tesla’s ether was gaseous it consisted of “...carriers immersed in an
insulating fluid”, which filled all space, with properties which varied according
to relative movement, the presence of mass, and the electric and magnetic
conditions it is subjected to. It’s incompressibility and other qualities meant it
could be used to produce motion of ponderable bodies.
Tesla’s ether was rigidified by rapidly-varying electrostatic force, and was
thereby involved in gravitational effects, inertia, and momentum, especially in
the space near earth, since, as explained by Tesla, the earth is “...like a charged
metal ball moving through space”, which creates enormous, rapidly-varying
electrostatic forces which diminish in intensity with the square of the distance
from earth, just like gravity. Since the direction of propagation radiates from the
earth, the so-called force of gravity is toward the earth, and this apparently also
applied to all other bodies in space under the theory.
Tesla commenced to complete his theory at the same approximate period of time
that many of his experimental results and observations had been revealed in the
three lectures, often illustrated with demonstrations using Tesla-invented


=== [PDF p.92] ===
t
ee ectu es, o te
ust ated w t de o st at o s us g
es a
ve ted
equipment, as revealed in the following eight excerpts (the statements in quotes
are Tesla's actual documented words) in pertinent part (emphasis mine):
1. “The most probable medium filling the space is one consisting of independent
carriers immersed in an insulating fluid.”
2. “In his experiments he dwells first on some phenomena produced by
electrostatic force, which he considers in the light of modern theories to be the
most important force in nature for us to investigate.”
3. “He illustrates how mechanical motions are produced by a varying
electrostatic force acting through a gaseous medium.” 
4. “One of the most interesting results arrived at in pursuing these experiments,
is the demonstration of the fact that a gaseous medium upon which vibrations
are impressed by rapid changes of electrostatic potential, is rigid.” 
5. “If through this medium enormous electrostatic stresses are assumed to act,
which vary rapidly in intensity, it would allow the motion of a body through it,
yet it would be rigid and elastic, although the fluid itself might be devoid of
these properties.” 6. “...on the assumption that the independent carriers are of
any configuration such that the fluid resistance to motion in one direction is
greater than in another, a stress of that nature would cause the carriers to arrange
themselves in groups, since they would turn to each other their sides of the
greatest electrical density, in which position the fluid resistance to approach
would be smaller than to receding.” 
7. “If in a medium of the above characteristics a brush would be formed by a
steady potential, an exchange of the carriers would go on continuously, and there
would be less carriers per unit volume in the brush than in the space at some
distance from the electrode, this corresponding to rarefaction.”
8. “If the potentials were rapidly changing, the result would be very different;
the higher the frequency of the pulses, the slower would be the exchange of
carriers; finally, the motion of translation through measurable space would cease
and, with a sufficiently high frequency and intensity of the stress, the carriers
would be drawn towards the electrode, and compression would result.”
In 5. above, Tesla states that an assumption exists that enormous, rapidly-
varying electrostatic stresses exist in the natural environment,which rigidify the
ether , yet allow the motion of a body through it. In 6., he assumes that the
carriers can be induced to cause motion of a body in one direction. In 7., he
mentions that a steady D.C. potential brush will cause a continuous rarefaction
of the ether carriers in one direction to induce the pulling motion via the


=== [PDF p.93] ===
of the ether carriers in one direction to induce the pulling motion via the
“veritable ropes of air” which Tesla mentioned in 1914. And in 8., he gives the
conditions for compression by high frequency potentials which will stop the
carriers from passing through the solid body, so as to force the tubes of force
from the opposite direction to dissolve in the body and impart momentum.
The eight excerpts are further reducible to the following four statements
pertinent to his electro-mechanical propulsion technology:
1. Mechanical motions of solid bodies can be produced by varying electrostatic
force acting through a gaseous medium (ether), which thereby becomes
rigidified, yet allows solid bodies to pass through.
2. Under influence of stress in one direction, the carriers may group together,
forming tubes of force, creating greater ease of movement in that direction.
3. When a D.C. brush is created by a steady potential in one direction, a
continuous exchange of carriers is created corresponding to ether rarefaction, as
the tubes of force are drawn into the conductor.
4. With a sufficiently high frequency (higher that that creating the brush
discharges) and intensity of stress in the opposite direction, carrier exchange is
blocked by ether compression, forcing the tubes of force entering the conductors
of the ship from the opposite direction to dissolve and impart mechanical
momentum.
The system, using the two kinds of potentials (D.C. and A.C.) is known as “p2”,
according to Tesla’s (and that of the Germans under von Braun’s direction)
1936-38 UFO project by that name at Los Alamos, New Mexico. My friend
Peter van Dresser was the first person to tell me of von Braun’s pre-war stay in
New Mexico. Peter was distressed to the end of his life by the fact that, while he
had invented the first successful liquid-fueled rocket engine, Dr. Robert Goddard
had not only misappropriated Peter’s invention, but had given it over to von
Braun during his two-year stay in New Mexico. Peter considered Goddard a
traitor and invention thief for this reason. Prior to Peter’s invention, all the
rockets of von Braun and Goddard exploded at an altitude of around 5,000-6,000
feet because the combustion chamber overheated. Peter wrapped the fuel lines
around the chamber, cooling it and vaporizing the fuel for greater efficiency,
making continuously extended flights possible.
In reiteration the steady D C Electrostatic potential of the brush creates the


=== [PDF p.94] ===
In reiteration, the steady D.C. Electrostatic potential of the brush creates the
required exchange of carriers, ‘rarefying’ (stretching) the elastic, rigidified
medium (composed of ether carriers in an insulating fluid) in advance of the
ship, as the higher frequency A.C. to the rear compresses them, blocking
exchange in that direction, dissolving the tubes of force from the opposite
direction and creating instant momentum, normal to the surface.
In 1884, John Henry Poynting’s theorem had been that the flux of energy at any
place is represented by the vector product of the electric and magnetic forces,
multiplied by C/4π.43 This implied that forces in a conductor could be
transformed there into other forms (such as the transformation in the conductors
of the tubes of force into momentum). In 1893, J. J. Thomson stated practically
the same thing, saying “...the aether is itself the vehicle of mechanical
momentum, of amount (1/4πC) (D B) per unit volume.44
(Using e.-s. Units for D and E
And e.-m. Units for B and H.)
E = electrical force
D = electrical displacement
H = magnetic force
B = magnetic induction
Heinrich Hertz’s theory45 was that two systems of varying current should exert a
ponderomotive force on each other due to the variations. Tesla’s disagreement
was apparently based on the fact that he proved that the “ponderomotive force”
is due not to mere “varying currents”, but to rarefaction and compression of the
ether carriers, respectively, produced by different kinds of currents (D.C.,
rapidly varying electrostatic and A.C.) Moreover, Tesla's method for accessing
the mechanical momentum of the ether was from a completely different and
simpler perspective, the creation of (longitudinal) sound waves in the ether in the
direction of desired propulsion. This also appears to be the method which allows
the ships to eliminate drag and sonic booms.
43 43. John Henry Poynting, Phil. Trans. clxxv (1884), p. 343. 
44 44. J. J. Thomson, Recent Researches in Elect. And Mag. (1893), p. 13. 
45 45. Heinrich Hertz, Ann. d. Phys. Xxxi (1887), p. 421; Hertz’s Electric Waves , translated by D. E.
Jones, p. 29.


=== [PDF p.95] ===
J. J. Thomson46 had extensively developed the theory of the moving tubes of
force, both magnetic and electric, saying that the magnetic effect was a
secondary one created by the movement of electric tubes, and assumed:
➔ That tubes exist everywhere in space, either in closed circuits or terminating
on atoms;
➔ that electric force becomes perceivable only when electric tubes have a
greater tendency to lie in one direction;
➔ that in a steady magnetic field, positive and negative tubes may move in
opposite directions with equal velocity;
➔ that a beam of light is a group of electric tubes moving at C at right angles to
their length.
Tesla later said his “dirigible torpedo” (“steerable” torpedo) would fly at a
maximum 300 miles per second, perhaps since its forward velocity would be
some discreet fraction of C. Thomson’s 1893 publishing on this subject followed
Tesla’s 1891 lectures before Franklin Institute and Columbia College in
America, and his lecture before the Royal Society in London, and appeared to
shed light on Tesla’s work, stating:
➔ That a ponderomotive force is exerted on a conductor carrying electric
current, consisting of a transfer of mechanical momentum from the agent
which exerts the force to the body which experiences it;
➔ that, if moving tubes entering a conductor are dissolved in it, mechanical
momentum is given to the conductor; 
➔ that such momentum must be at right angles to the tube and to the magnetic
induction; 
➔ that momentum stored in a unit volume of the field is proportional to the
vector product of electric and magnetic vectors.
Thomson’s Electromagnetic Momentum hypothesis was later developed by H.
Poincaré47 and by M. Abraham48 .
46 46. J. J. Thomson (supra). 
47 47. H. Poincaré, Archives Né erl. (2) v (1900), p. 252. 
48 48. M. Abraham, Gött., Nach., (1902), p. 20.
But we can see a distinct difference between Tesla's and Thomson's theories in
that Tesla said nothing about the electric and magnetic fields relying solely on


=== [PDF p.96] ===
that Tesla said nothing about the electric and magnetic fields, relying solely on
the effects of the combination of a rapidly-varying electrostatic D.C. (rarefying)
potential and a higher frequency rapidly-varying electrostatic A.C.
(compressing) potential, both produced by a Tesla coil with different tuning.
By 1910, it was said49 (by Sir. Edmund Whittaker) that the consequences of
these pronouncements left three alternatives:
(1) Modify the theory to reduce to zero the resultant force on an element of free
aether (as with Maxwell, Hertz, and Einstein);
(2) assume the force sets aether in motion (as with Helmholtz);
(3) accept the principle that aether is the vehicle of mechanical ·momentum of
amount [D B] per unit volume (as with Poynting and J. J. Thomson).
Whittaker’s greatest error was in omitting mentioning Tesla's theory entirely,
even though Tesla’s experiments had verified it, in front of the esteemed
members of the “Royal Academy”. It seems highly improbable that they simply
failed to comprehend Tesla. Tesla however said he had not “completely” worked
out his Dynamic Theory of Gravity until 1893 and 1894, but never published it,
so how could it be discussed? In reality, the “three (later) alternatives” were
moot, and a new law existed, that of Tesla. So we see that the suppression of
Tesla’s theory was partially a conspiracy and partially his own fault.
Tesla’s Secrecy
Due to his pacifist sympathies, Tesla originally contemplated giving his electric
flying machine to the Geneva Convention or League of Nations, for use in
‘policing the world’ to prevent war. Later disillusioned after WW I with the
collapse of the League, he said he’d “underestimated man’s combative
capacity.”50
In 1919, Tesla’s reason for increased secrecy emerged51 , while
49 49. Sir Edmund Whittaker, A History of the Theories of the Aether and Electricity, (1910)
Edinborough. 
50 50. Nikola Tesla, New York Times, article (July 10. 1934). 
51 51. Tesla Interview with Frederick M. Kerby, Resolution Magazine, (1919).
discussing his plans for a “three-hour” airplane between New York and London:
“...we have here the appalling prospect of a war between nations at a distance


=== [PDF p.97] ===
of thousands of miles, with weapons so destructive and demoralizing that the
world could not endure them. That is why there must be no more war.” With
the U. S. government’s spurning of his defense suggestions and technology,
Tesla’s only recourse was to withhold his Dynamic Theory of Gravity, and to
dissuade discovery in that direction. But he had already sold his secrets to the
Germans in 1914.
In 192952 Tesla ridiculed Heinrich Hertz’s 1887-89 experiments purportedly
proving the Maxwellian “structureless” ether filling all space, “of inconceivable
tenuity yet solid and possessed of rigidity incomparably greater than the
hardest steel.” Tesla’s arguments were to the contrary, saying he had always
believed in a “gaseous” ether in which he had observed (longitudinal) waves
more akin to sound waves. He recounted how he had developed a “new form of
vacuum tube” in 1896, “...capable of being charged to any desired potential,
and operated it with effective pressures of about 4,000,000 volts.” He described
how blue coronal discharges about the bulb when in use, verified the existence
of “particles smaller than air” , and a gas so light that an earth-sized volume
would weight only 1/20 pound. He further said that so-called “electromagnetic
waves” are actually longitudinal--not transverse---sound waves moving at the
velocity of light through this medium.
In 193253 Tesla mentioned using his special tube to investigate cosmic rays,
saying that when its emanations were impinged upon a target material,
radioactive emissions resulted, and that radioactive bodies were simply “targets”
continuously bombarded by “infinetesimal bullets projected from all parts of
the universe”, without which “all radioactivity would cease”. His name for
these “bullets” was “Primary Solar Rays”.
Later in 193254 , Tesla said Einstein’s theory regarding changing matter into
force, and force into matter, was “absurd”. He compared this to the difference
between body and mind, saying force is a
52 52. Nikola Tesla interview, New York Herald Tribune, (Sept. 22, 1929), pp. 1, 29. 
53 53. Letter, New York Times, (Feb. 6, 1932), p. 16, col. 8. 
54 54. Nikola Tesla Papers , Rare Books and Manuscript Library, Columbia University (Apr. 15,
1932).
“...function of matter” , and that, just as a mind could not exist without a body,
“...without matter, there can be no force.”


=== [PDF p.98] ===
Again in 193255 , Tesla derided the Maxwellian/Hertzian ether, while saying that
higher frequency waves “...follow the curvature of the earth and bend around
obstacles” , yet in Apr. 8, 193456 , Tesla said that short waves for “power
purposes” of the ‘wireless art’, were inappropriate, and that power will travel in
“long waves”. All this in retrospect to deaf ears since no one in the public’s
knowledge uses wireless technology to transmit energy today, and no one since
Tesla has been able to do so because they haven’t paid close attention to all that
Tesla said (that we in the public know of).
With so many “experts” today claiming to know Tesla technology such as those
who say that Tesla used “quaternion equations” (“curved space-time” and
“fourth-dimensional” math, ala relativism), I will settle once and for all the
question of authenticity of these “experts” on Tesla. Lest there be any
misunderstanding or confusion about Tesla’s beliefs, here is a 1932 newspaper
quote under the headline “Pioneer Radio Engineer Gives Views on power:
"The assumption of the Maxwellian ether was thought necessary to explain
the propagation of light by transverse vibrations, which can only occur in a
solid. So fascinating was this theory that even at present it has many
supporters, despite the manifest impossibility of a medium, perfectly mobile
and tenuous to a degree inconceivable, and yet extremely rigid, like steel. As a
result some illusionary ideas have been formed and various phenomena
erroneously interpreted. The so-called Hertz waves are still considered a
reality proving that light is electrical in its nature, and also that the ether is
capable of transmitting transverse vibrations of frequencies however low. This
view has become untenable since I showed that the universal medium is a
gaseous body in which only longitudinal pulses can be propagated, involving
alternating compressions and expansions similar to those produced by sound
waves in the air. Thus, a wireless transmitter does not emit Hertz waves which
are a myth, but sound waves in the ether, behaving in every respect like those
in the air, except that, owing to the great elastic force and extremely small
density of the medium, their speed is that of light. general knowledge of this
subject seems very limited, I may state, that even waves only one or two
millimeters long, which I produced thirtythree years ago, provided that they
carry sufficient energy, can be transmitted around the globe. This is not so
much due to refraction and reflection as to the properties of a gaseous medium
and certain peculiar action which I shall explain some time in the future. At
present it may be sufficient to call attention to an important fact in this
connection, namely, that this bending of the beam projected from reflector


=== [PDF p.99] ===
does not affect in the least its behavior in other respects.
55 55. Nikola Tesla, New York Herald Tribune, (Sept. 11, 1932). 56 56. Nikola Tesla letter, New York
Times, (Apr. 8, 1934).
It might be inferred that I am alluding to the curvature of space supposed to
exist according to the teachings of relativity, but nothing could be further from
my mind. I hold that space cannot be curved, for the simple reason that it can
have no properties. It might as well be said that God has properties. He has
not, but only attributes and these are of our own making. Of properties we can
only speak when dealing with matter filling the space. To say that in the
presence of large bodies space becomes curved, is equivalent to stating that
something can act upon nothing. I, for one, refuse to subscribe to such a
view."
Anyone who says otherwise after reading this quote is definitely a liar or
someone who has serious reading comprehension problems and shouldn’t be
taken seriously. You may agree or disagree with it but you can’t deny that this is
what the man said and meant.
THE NATURE OF ELECTRICITY
What were the old ether physicists referring to when they attempted to describe
“an incompressible, perfect fluid”? What would a “perfect fluid” do? It would be
able to “wet” and soak into everything it came into contact with, such as protons,
and neutrons, and could flow everywhere often without resistance (except in the
circumstances already described). This fluid, the ether, because of its ultra-
fineness, could flow everywhere. Grosser matter on the other hand, experienced
resistance, depending on the circumstances. Another fluid—electricity—could
flow in certain places, and wet only certain things, but often met resistance.
In his 1891 A.I.E.E. lecture at Columbia College, Tesla said (in pertinent part,
emphasis mine): “What is electricity, and what is magnetism? “...We are now
confident that electric and magnetic phenomena are attributable to the ether,
and we are perhaps justified in saying that the effects of static electricity are
effects of ether in motion.” “...we may speak of electricity or of an electric
condition, state or effect.” “...we must distinguish two such effects, opposite in
character neutralizing each other.” “...for in a medium of the properties of the
ether, we cannot possibly exert a strain, or produce a displacement or motion
of any kind, without causing in the surrounding medium an equivalent and


=== [PDF p.100] ===
opposite effect.” “...its condition determines the positive and negative
character.” “We know that it acts like an incompressible fluid;” “...the electro-
magnetic theory of light and all facts observed teach us that electric and ether
phenomena are identical.” “The puzzling behavior of the ether as a solid to
waves of light and heat, and as a fluid to the motion of bodies through it, is
certainly explained in the most natural and satisfactory manner by assuming it
to be in motion, as Sir William Thomson has suggested.” “Nor can anyone
prove that there are transverse ether waves emitted from an alternate current
machine; to such slow disturbances, the ether, if at rest, may behave as a true
fluid.”
In his statements, Tesla was balancing the various arguments in preparation for
his decision: “...Electricity, therefore, cannot be called ether in the broad sense
of the term; but nothing would seem to stand in the way of calling electricity
ether associated with matter, or bound ether; or, in other words, that the so-
called static charge of the molecule is ether associated in some way with the
molecule.”
“...It cannot differ in density, ether being incompressible; it must, therefore, be
under some strain or in motion, and the latter is the most probable.”
Tesla therefore believed in 1891 in an ether which was in motion relative to
earth. I think this belief was modulated in Tesla’s 1899 Colorado Springs
Experiments due to his discovery that the earth emits rapidly-varying
electrostatic forces which rigidify the ether in the earth’s electric field and create
the “carry along” ether, while the tubes of force induced by this are in relative
motion.
The thing which Tesla had realized, was that ether possesses electric charges
which are deposited on molecules. His “dynamic” ether belief is consistent with
the idea that everything is in motion.
The importance of cosmic motion to the effects of electrostatic charges was
apparently brought up by Tesla in his lecture: “About fifteen years ago, Prof.
Rowland demonstrated a most interesting and important fact, namely that a
static charge carried around produces the effects of an electric current.”
“...and conceiving the electrostatically charged molecule in motion, this
experimental fact gives us a fair idea of magnetism. We can conceive lines or
tubes of force which physically exist, being formed of rows of directed moving


=== [PDF p.101] ===
molecules; we can see that these lines must be closed, that they must tend to
shorten and expand, etc. It likewise explains in a reasonable way, the most
puzzling phenomenon of all, permanent magnetism, and, in general, has all
the beauties of the Ampere theory without possessing the vital defect of the
same, namely, the assumption of molecular currents. Without enlarging
further upon the subject, I would say, that I look upon all electrostatic, current
and magnetic phenomena as being due to electrostatic molecular forces.”
In these statements, Tesla showed he was aware that any “stationary” locale on
earth is actually in fantastic motion (“70,000 mph”). The electrostatic charges
“carried around” are currents between atoms and the ether, which produce
magnetism. The phenomena of ‘permanent magnetism’ or ‘cosmically induced’
magnetism are apparently due to electrostatic charges ‘carried around’ by cosmic
molecular motion, in the universal ether field.
Since no one can hold atoms, electrons or molecules perfectly still—because
they are in fantastic motion—all atoms and molecules carry currents producing
magnetic fields. Since a magnetic field is the product of a current, no one can
produce a magnetic field without electricity, moving through or along a
conductor, or as electrostatic charges in local or cosmic motion.
CONCLUSION
Since these phenomena are electro-mechanical in nature, they are synthesized by
recreation of the electromagnetic conditions which a body would exhibit due to a
particular kinetic state. Just as sound waves of low frequency can penetrate a
body, waves of higher frequencies can cause the ether to “assert its inertia
resistance.”
Tesla stated that the steady “brush” discharge causes a steady exchange of
carriers, but emphasized the necessity of the “rapidlyvarying electrostatic”
impulses to create sound waves in the ether to cause it to assert its “inertia
resistance” and form the tubes of force. Here is where Tesla said the best of
electrical engineers would not believe it, that the rapidly-varying electrostatic
potentials create the steady D.C. potential which causes a steady exchange of
carriers, which brings in the tubes of force to propel his ship. Because the D.C.
potential is undisturbed yet continuous and rapidly-varying, it is nonetheless
“steady”.


=== [PDF p.102] ===
The technology involves high voltage (“D.C.”) electrostatic ‘brush’ currents on
top of the ship and which rarefies the elastic ether and creates the bouyancy of
the ship, and in front which stretches (“rarefies”) the elastic ether and pulls the
ship forward, while a higher frequency A.C. current compresses the ether and
blocks ether from passing through the rear of the ship. These currents force the
tubes of force to dissolve in the conductors of the ship and impart momentum.
Since the strength of the electrical attractive force is 2 x 1039 power times
stronger than the gravitational attractive force, that much more work can
theoretically be done in the same amount of time, using the same “energy”. And
that is how the ship I saw in 1953 accelerated to ca. 36,000 mph in three
seconds.
Since “seeing is believing”, and I have seen, I believe. The behavior of man-
made flying saucers proves the existence of these “free energy” inventions of
Nikola Tesla, which show that he was right in his opposition to Relativism, and
that the prevalent theories taught in the scientific institutions of the world today
are false.
Consistent with the idea that “dynamite comes in small packages”, this small
book, along with my prior book, Space Aliens From the Pentagon , along with
my third edition of that book, Pentagon Aliens , have all initiated the
rediscovery, reconstruction and publication of Nikola Tesla’s Dynamic Theory
of Gravity and related electro-mechanical propulsion technology, the greatest
invention of mankind.
The deep black Secret Government by whatever name, be it “illuminati”, “cabal”
or whatever —a fraudulently concealed, unconstitutional, corporate-state entity
—has heretofore controlled electro-mechanical propulsion technology by
concealing it along with other advanced free energy technology, on behalf of
international, coercive, corporate-state monopolists. Electro-mechanically
propeled ships are concealed through “special effects”, and “stealth” technology
(also based on Tesla inventions)—as they fly over and hover in the sky, and by
“psycho-political” means—the dissemination of false “alien” and
“extraterrestrial” origins propaganda—through “UFOlogy” groups led by covert
government agents. While official government spokesmen deny the existence of
flying saucers, covert government agents, posing as “skeptics”, “UFOlogists”,
and “paranormalists”, engage the public’s attention in a phony debate. The
“skeptics” ridicule the UFOlogists and paranormalists, lumping them together
with rational witnesses, as if “...to see a flying saucer” is as ridiculous as “...to
see a ghost or alien” This phony debate based on false logic fits nicely into the


=== [PDF p.103] ===
see a ghost or alien”. This phony debate based on false logic fits nicely into the
overall cover-up system, designed to conceal advanced human technology, not
“alien” technology.
The grip of this secret socio-economic dictatorship depends on coercively
extorted income, by forcing us to buy archaic fuels and power—which funds its
control of our communications, political and monetary decisions, enforcement of
unjust laws, regulations and procedures expanding its powers, while limiting or
excluding our individual human rights, and denying our access to information,
materials, and technology which is ours because we paid for it with our taxes.
Our access to the truth is necessary for our fully-informed consent,
independence, and survival as a free people.
Despite the confusion, concealment, BIG LIES, and judicial and socio-economic
abuse by the corporate state, we can resurrect the TRUTH, determine the correct
technology, circumvent obstructions, and use our creative ingenuity to build
these ships for ourselves, to free our society from the Secret Fascist Corpocracy.
There is much confusion created by government agents or dupes regarding UFO
propulsion technology. Do not be fooled. You will find no “patents” on this
technology because it is secret, “classified” information by all the major
governments of the world. Anyone who shows you a “patent” purporting to
represent this technology is either a liar or a fool, and could only show you “how
NOT to build a UFO”. The same goes for anyone who jabbers idiotic nonsense
about “space aliens”. These craft are exclusively man-made.
Below is a post from the Electrical Review 57 , entitled, which also appeared in
The Sun, N.Y., Nov. 21, 1898, and which contains some pertinent information
relating to when Tesla began to develop his flying machine, more particularly
what he called his “dirigible torpedo”:
“Referring to my latest invention, I wish to bring out a point which has been
overlooked. I arrived, as has been stated, at the idea through entirely abstract
speculations on the human organism, which I conceived to be a selfpropelling
machine, the motions of which are governed by impressions received through
the eye. Endeavoring to construct a mechanical model resembling in its
essential, material features the human body, I was led to combine a controlling
device, or organ sensitive to certain waves, with a body provided with
propelling and directing mechanism, and the rest naturally followed.
Originally the idea interested me only from the scientific point of view, but


=== [PDF p.104] ===
soon I saw that I had made a departure which sooner or later must produce a
profound change in things and conditions presently existing. I hope this
change will be for the good only, for, if it were otherwise, I wish that I had
never made the invention. The future may or may not bear out my present
convictions, but I can not refrain from saying that it is difficult for me to see at
present how, with such a principle brought to great perfection, as it
undoubtedly will be in the course of time, guns can maintain themselves as
weapons. We shall be able, by availing ourselves of this advance, to send a
projectile at much greater distance, it will not be limited in any way by weight
or amount of explosive charge, we shall be able to submerge it at command, to
arrest it in its flight, and call it back, and to send it out again and explode it at
will, and more than this, it will never make a miss, since all chance in this
regard, if hitting the object of attack were at all required, is eliminated. But the
chief feature of such a weapon is still to be told; namely, it may be made to
respond only to a certain note or tune, it may be endowed with selective power.
Directly such an arm is produced, it becomes almost impossible to meet it with
a corresponding development. It is this feature, perhaps, more than in its
power of destruction, that its tendency to arrest the development of arms and to
stop warfare will reside. With renewed thanks, I remain,
Very truly, yours, N. Tesla” 
57 57. Nikola Tesla, Electrical Review (Nov. 19, 1898) New York.
Tesla didn’t want to give the whole ball game away on his propulsion system,
and was secretive about it, which is why he never published his completed
Dynamic Theory of Gravity. By habit, if Tesla disagreed with a theory, he
usually wasted little time in refuting it. In scenting out Tesla's secret ether theory
that Tesla relied upon for his propulsion system, I compared it with a theory
which he did not even mention, J. J. Thomson’s Electromagnetic Momentum
theory. While Tesla had in fact gotten into rather spirited exchanges with
Thomson regarding electrostatic versus electrodynamic excitation of luminosity
of gases in a tube at a distance, that was the most that Tesla was willing to risk.
he never said a word directly regarding Thomson’s Electromagnetic Momentum
theory, which was wrong because it was based on the 'solid ether' and
electromagnetic waves theory of Maxwell and Hertz.
The absence of a specific refutation or even a mention of it is a conspicuous
omission which points to Tesla’s thinking on this subject once one realizes that
this is a pattern seldom if ever broken by Tesla. What this means is that,
regarding Thomson’s Electromagnetic Momentum theory Tesla could not


=== [PDF p.105] ===
regarding Thomson s Electromagnetic Momentum theory, Tesla could not
criticize Thomson's theory without revealing his own ether propulsion theory.
He had already discussed his use of electrostatically-induced mechanical waves
rather than the supposed electrodynamics of Thomson. Not only that, but Tesla
could not even mention the theory specifically lest he draw attention to his own
theory and disclose his most important secret.
In a similar vein however Tesla had earlier stated (Electric Discharges in
Vacuum Tubes, The Electrical Engineer , N.Y., July 1, 1891) “...the
electrostatic effects were of far greater importance...” and “In using the term
electrostatic I had reference rather to the nature of the action than to a
stationary condition, which is the usual acceptance of the term.” To this
Thomson agreed, saying “As a matter of fact, it is very much easier to get the
luminosity when these electrostatic effects are operative than when they are
not.” (Note by Prof. J. J. Thomson in the London Electrician , July 24, 1891).
There is in my opinion, based on all my studies, only one kind of UFO
propulsion technology and it is electro-mechanical, invented by Nikola Tesla.
From my observations of the ship I saw at close range in broad daylight in 1953,
there were no intake or exhaust ports, no jets or rockets, no “plasma” repulsion
system, etc. The ship was apparently sustained and moved without these, the
only external evidence being high voltage electrostatic corona. When you have a
ship which can fly at 36,000 miles per hour in 1953 you cannot want for more.
While Thomson's theory proposed a Maxwellian three-axis system which used
electric and magnetic force on two of the axes to purportedly create momentum
on the third axis, Tesla used “p2”, a combination of electrostatic brush discharge
in the ether projected in the direction of travel and high frequency A.C. in the
opposite direction to block the ether and that was it. Tesla proved that Maxwell
was wrong regarding electromagnetic waves in free space and rejected those
theories, which were based on Hertz's erroneous theory of a solid ether.
Some of you reading this may have thought there was a contradiction between
Tesla's statement that his flying machine was propelled by “mechanical” waves
to propel his ship with a “pulling” action (ropes pull), then referred to the
“steady D.C. brush discharge” as a means of creating the continuous exchange of
carriers which imparts “mechanical” momentum to the ship. Both these means
are combined, and Tesla also referred to “environmental” energy in free space,
which can be harvested.
T
i i
h ll h
idl
i
l
i
i l
d


=== [PDF p.106] ===
To put it into a nutshell, the rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials tuned to one-
quarter wavelength produces the steady D.C. brush discharge which rarefies
(stretches) the ether, while the rapidly-varying electrostatic potentials tuned to
one-half or full (resonant) wavelength produces the reaction which compresses
the ether. The sound waves in the ether are also used for transmitting wireless
energy. A quarter wavelength tuning is for transmitting, while the half or full
wavelength tuning for receiving, but at high frequencies has the effect of
blocking the ether by compression.
Tesla’s Dynamic Theory of Gravity and method of mechanical space propulsion
brought a cosmic crowning achievement to the works of his esteemed
predecessors who did so much of the ground work, but the public has been
denied this achievement.
CHAPTER VI: FREE ENERGY MASSACRE;
The Atomic Hydrogen Process ©1996, Wm. R. Lyne
What better way to end a book on “Occult Ether Physics” than with a chapter on
another concealed “free energy” process, which appears to extract energy from
the environment—using similar techniques on the same substance—the ether—
that makes Tesla’s electro-mechanical propulsion possible?
In Space Aliens From the Pentagon and Pentagon Aliens I specified a free
energy process in which helium is made to produce 460,000 calories/gram-atom
by simple spark discharge, which is based on data from numerous generally
available texts and scientific encyclopedias. This is the highest energy output I
know of from a noble gas, and the same gas can be used ad infinitum , the only
input energy being that required from spark discharges. Since helium is
inappropriate for the average “Joe” and since the output is probably more than
you could handle, I will more appropriately show you how to perform another
free energy process, using that most easily accessible gas, hydrogen. This
chapter will also give you the explanation for the heat produced in so-called
“cold fusion” and a few other free energy processes, all closely related to the
atomic hydrogen process and occult ether physics.
Over the years, the “Relativistic Quantum Mechanics” (hence “RQMs”)
concealed every process or reaction which could show the invalidity of their
theories, “...in the interest of national security”. Their false theories actually
became one of the most important means by which, from the standpoint of the
controlling corporate fascists, all ‘dangerously efficient’ (i.e., “disruptive”)


=== [PDF p.107] ===
technology which would destroy their iron grip on us, could be concealed.
According to deceitful relativist quantum mechanics, all energy coming out of a
reaction must go into it only from a source recognized by them, and only in the
discrete “quanta” permitted by Planck’s earlier quantum theory. The basic idea
of Planck’s original quantum mechanical theory, was that energy levels of atoms
must change in whole number integers (1, 2, 3, etc.) called “quanta”, which are
based on the basic charge of a single electron or multiples thereof, which
assumes only certain assigned energy levels in different atoms and molecules,
and is used to define the magnitude of all of the smallest, intermediate, and
largest possible energy changes of atoms and molecules. All atomic energy
changes must conform to the permissible whole number equivalents or multiples
of these quanta. Accordingly, energy absorbed or emitted by an atom must fit
this stringent criterion.
What, then, would you say about a process which completely destroys this neat
plan, which causes atoms to emit more energy that that which was put into
them?
Despite what I consider to be obvious attempts to conceal basic physical data
conflicting with this principle—as defined by the RQMs and incorporated into
their theory, as if it were exclusively their theory and not that published earlier
by Planck—the process I am about to discuss with you has glaring
inconsistencies in it, as described by the Relativists, in particular Irving
Langmuir. Langmuir was wrong and my research, invention and experiments
and tests based on it prove him wrong.
It is said by the RQMs that the process of dissociating diatomic hydrogen
molecules into separate atoms as atomic hydrogen, requires the absorption of
109,000 cal./gram molecule (“1.9 k.cal./gram molecule”), and that that is all the
energy you can possibly get out of it. Yet, in taking the basic hydrogen atom and
considering all its discrete ‘quanta’—whether in the atomic or molecular state—
it appears to me that there is no state of the hydrogen atom or molecule in which
such energy could be “stored”, even when using the RQMs’ theories,, especially
in view of their irrational statement that the energy is still possessed by the
molecule after it has already been released! It is their contention that an
independent hydrogen atom can only exist as such because it has absorbed an
abnormally large amount of heat, despite the fact that by their own criteria the
atom has no mechanism identifiable by them by which it could do so.
When two such hydrogen atoms come together with the presence of sufficient


=== [PDF p.108] ===
When two such hydrogen atoms come together with the presence of sufficient
electrostatic initiation energy, the great amount of heat said by the Relativists to
be “stored” in the hydrogen atom is liberated. The RQMs never directly
measured the amount of dissociation energy necessary to bring the hydrogen
atom from the diatomic to the atomic state, because they didn’t know how to do
so, but because their theory said that this reaction is reversible, they said the
dissociation energy was the same as the energy released on recombination of
hydrogen atoms. Then to make matters worse, they defined the atomic hydrogen
(ground) state as if it were an excited state, and the molecular state as if it were
the ground state.
Realistically, the atomic hydrogen reaction can only be satisfactorily explained
by reference to, construction of, or reconstruction of, an ether theory and
involving Tesla's Primary Solar Rays (one form of “environmental energy”).
While it may be arguable that the electrostatic “binding energy” between the two
atoms of the molecule somehow ‘includes’ this energy in some undefined and
mysterious way, this argument actually supports an ether theory, since the
binding energy (from somewhere) must somehow be exchanged with what is
said to be the heat energy which is released when the molecule forms, according
to their theory, consistent with the equal-and-opposite-reaction rule. Otherwise,
one is expected to believe a kind of backwards Orwellian doublethink that the
RQMs. This kind of latitude is permitted only for them, while those who
disagree are held to a higher standard.
The doublethink (contradictory) features of Relativism apparently stem from the
fact that Albert Einstein was a KaballistExistentialist—whose epistemology was
a Platonist one. In philosophy, there are two basic epistemologies—theories of
the origin, nature and limits of human knowledge—representing the two basic
categories into which the epistemologies of all philosophies must fall, and which
are supposed to explain how one knows something according to a particular
philosophy...by what means they know it...if in fact, they do “know” it. Since he
who asserts something has the burden of proving it, rather than one who
disbelieves it, the means by which it is purportedly known may come into
question. No one is legally, morally, or “spiritually’ obligated to believe
anything, without reason, or a valid means of knowing it to be “true”. All
epistemologies are classified as either Platonist or Aristotelian.
The “Platonist Epistemology” is so named because of the theory illustrated by
the ancient Greek philosopher Plato’s cave analogy, in his book, The Republic .
In this analogy, an observer inside a cave (us), facing the inner wall at night, sees


=== [PDF p.109] ===
only the shadows cast upon the wall by such things as a passing caravan,
projected by a fire burning beyond a road along which the caravan is passing.
According to Plato, man cannot know reality, but sees only a ‘shadow’ of reality,
because there is a ‘higher world’ of ‘perfect forms’, which exist only ‘in
heaven’. It therefore becomes obvious how this epistemology follows religious
thinking, and that many religions have been influenced by it as somehow adding
‘scientific credence’ to their religious ideas, which are based on faith rather than
reason. The same reasoning has been used by scientific, philosophical,
economic, political, and ‘spiritual’ con-artists for centuries, and every totalitarian
philosophy ever known has relied upon this fallacious ‘reasoning’ which is
identical to the Platonist epistemology, because it relieves its advocates of
showing reason and logic for what they assert. One wonders how the viewer in
Plato’s cave would draw the line between ‘knowing’ a shadow, and a “shadow
of a shadow”, since a shadow might also have a ‘higher form’ under this theory.
The “Aristotelian Epistemology” in the meanwhile—based on the ancient Greek
philosopher Aristotle’s theory of knowledge— holds that the senses are valid,
scientific tools of cognition, which we can rely upon to detect the facts of
perceivable reality, and that we can, by relying upon the facts so perceived,
know reality—and the nature of reality—and based on that, determine other,
perhaps unapparent facts of reality.
As can be seen from a comparison of these two epistemologies and their
implications, the philosophies and endeavors based on the Platonist
epistemology are mystical, nebulous and/or totalitarian because its advocates
require you to believe things based on faith and not reason, while the
Aristotelians are more rational and objective, especially when applied to the
natural sciences. It can also be seen that the use of a Platonist Epistemology by a
physicist should be considered unforgivable, while Einstein’s theory, built upon
this fatally flawed epistemology, has been popularized by the communication
monopoly controlled by the power élite, because it makes a potentially
inquisitive and questioning society dumber and easier to control. Einstein’s
image is continually built up as if that of an ultimate and infallible creature who
should be regarded as a ‘god’. This propaganda not only protects the false theory
but also aids in concealment of valid theory and advanced technology which
would end the reign of a world-wide power structure of corporate-statists, who
think society already has all the technology it ‘needs’, else the élite’s ‘grip’ on
the world, held in place by their archaic technology which exploits mineral,
industrial, and banking interests owned by them, might be torn loose. Although
Einstein eventually admitted in the 1920s that 'there has to be an ether' he never


=== [PDF p.110] ===
Einstein eventually admitted in the 1920s that 'there has to be an ether', he never
followed up on that change in his ideas with anything concrete, although his
friend Paul Dirac did in a paper he sent to Einstein arguing for an ether.
I would have very little quarrel with a quantum theory of atomic energy levels,
were it extended to include somehow the phenomenon of external environmental
energy and ether theory as it should have been logically construed, but I take
issue with its present development, limitation, and abuse by the RQMs.
My position is that they already have covertly applied it to an ether theory, that
this application is well concealed, and that this book is needed to begin the
reconstruction of these concealed truths, for use by the public. While Planck said
his quantum theory applied to a “system”, he didn’t say the “Relativist system of
Einstein”— which came into vogue after Planck’s theory—and was the only
system it could be applied to. Since a rationally extended quantum mechanical
theory would not exclude an ether, my “RQM” label distinguishes between the
relativistic misinterpreters of quantum mechanics, and what could be called the
“Integrated Reality Mechanics” (“IRMs”).
The atomic hydrogen reaction first came to my attention in 1964, when I was
studying industrial processes at Sam Houston State University, Huntsville,
Texas, the year after taking an introductory course in college physics. While
reviewing various welding processes in a textbook, my eyes fixed on an older
process called “atomic hydrogen welding”. By that time, the process was already
considered “obsolete”. To me, the process seemed valuable, not only because it
produces such high temperatures—up to 5,000° C., more than enough to melt
tungsten with a M.P. Of 3410° C., and the highest temperature producible by
man—but also because it is “selfshielding”, can be used to weld diverse metals
(often without flux) and produces a concentrated flame, with little heat distortion
when welding thin metal. In the process, ‘normal’ diatomic H2 is shot through an
electric arc which dissociates it into “atomic” hydrogen, H1 . This atomic
hydrogen recombines at the (welded) metal surface, producing the very high
heat. Though the process interested me then, and always has, I have never seen
an atomic hydrogen welding unit for sale for the many years hence. Industry’s
obvious excuse for laying the valuable process aside was that it has been
replaced by ‘better’ processes, such as Heliarc (TIG, “Tungsten Inert Gas”) and
MIG welding, though they also rarely mention “plasma arc welding”, which has
also almost disappeared from the market. Since plasma arc welding is merely an
extension of the atomic hydrogen and TIG processes, using a specially


=== [PDF p.111] ===
redesigned torch, the mysterious reasons are undoubtedly the same. Neither of
these two processes uses a lot of “consumables” (welding fluxes, rods, gases,
etc.).
It was then that I got the idea of my atomic hydrogen furnace. The process
simmered in the inner recesses of my mind, taking shape for a few years until
1976, when I rekindled my interest in the process for possible use in welding
stainless steel and reducing and fusing platinum metal compounds, because
hydrogen reduces such compounds (which must also be shielded from oxygen)
to their metallic states. The atomic hydrogen process does not rely upon the
combustion of hydrogen with oxygen in the air, but upon the purportedly
“atomic” energy released when the atomic hydrogen recombines to form the
‘normal’ diatomic hydrogen. I still had some unanswered questions, since the
various welding data at my disposal failed to mention sufficient specific details.
If Nikola Tesla was right, then I am right, that atomic energy comes through the
ether from the Primary Solar Rays, not from the radioactive elements
themselves.
Because I knew of no source from which to purchase an atomic hydrogen torch
in 1985, I decided to build one, but my information was inadequate for proper
construction. In the torch I made, the hydrogen entered the arc concentrically
around both electrodes, instead of passing through the arc at a right angle. I also
used the wrong kind of arc transformer, so it didn’t work as well as it should
have.
Despite the disappointment, I knew the torch would work better if I corrected the
problems, so I kept the torch in my barn until better information and sufficient
time was available. I excited the curiosity of the industrial spies when I rented a
large tank of hydrogen at a local welders’ supply, and this probably contributed
to the sudden acceleration of the CIA-maintained judicial harassment that I
endured between 1974 and 1992 (18 years). They apparently assumed I was
exploring the process for its energy potential, rather than for just welding, and
they were correct. My torch is shown below:


=== [PDF p.112] ===
In the ‘70s, I had acquired an old English inorganic chemistry textbook58 ,
purchased from Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory salvage for $.25, which
contained a halftone photo of a 1930s vintage atomic hydrogen welding torch,
along with some basic data. The torch shown was different from the one I
constructed, in that I used a high voltage arc transformer and had no mechanism
to strike the arc electrodes together to start the arc, because the high voltage
made it unnecessary. It also showed the gas passing through the arc at a right
angle. In this old textbook, it was stated at page 170 (emphasis mine), as
follows:
“Langmuir (1912) discovered that hydrogen at low pressure in contact with a
tungsten wire heated by an electric current is dissociated to some extent into
atoms:”...“This absorbs a large amount of energy, about 100 kcal. per gram-
molecule.” “...The atomic hydrogen formed is chemically very active. Atomic
hydrogen is formed when an electric arc between tungsten electrodes is
allowed to burn in hydrogen at atmospheric pressures (Fig. 106).” (NOTE:


=== [PDF p.113] ===
This statement shows a basic misunderstanding of the process by Langmuir and
others before my ideas emerged.) The
58 58. J. R. Partington, Text-Book of Inorganic Chemistry (1953) Macmillan and Co., London.
text continued:
“Atomic-hydrogen blown out of the arc by a jet of molecular hydrogen
across the arc, forms an intensely hot flame, capable of melting tungsten (m.
Pt. 3400°). This flame obtains its heat from recombination of hydrogen
atoms to H2 .”
“Hydrogen being set free in a chemical reaction is often more reactive
than hydrogen gas.”
“...the activity of such nascent (newborn) hydrogen, in the act of
liberation from its compounds, is due to the hydrogen being in the atomic
state.”
The following is a copy of “fig. 106”:


=== [PDF p.114] ===
In checking this data in a more recent Van Nostrand’s Encyclopedia of Science59
, at page 1311 it was stated in pertinent part:
“Hydrogen molecules dissociate to atoms endothermically at high
temperatures (heat of dissociation about 103 cal/gram mole) in an electric arc,
or by irradiation.” “...the hydrogen atoms recombine at the metal surface to
provide heat required for welding.”
59 59. Van Nostrand’s Scientific Encyclopedia , Fifth Edition (edited by Douglas M. Considine), Van
Nostrand Reinhold Company (1976).


=== [PDF p.115] ===
I was surprised to find this in the Van Nostrand encyclopedia, but I also found
that in 1910, the D. Van Nostrand Company published a book by Haller and
Cunningham entitled The High Frequency Coil (The construction of a Tesla
Coil for the advanced amateur. 119 pages), so there is a record of the Van
Nostrand company’s association with Tesla technology.
SMOKESCREENS FROM ACADEMIA
It seemed odd to me that it was later suggested that the 103 calories of
dissociation energy absorbed from a very brief exposure to the arc is the same
heat as that “...required for welding” as described, and I believed it to be more
reasonable that the excess heat had to come from “elsewhere”. I believe the true
dissociation energy must be somewhere between the 103 calories and the 109
kcals./gram mole.
The older text showed the clearer construction of a device, and the newer text
showed that only 103 cal./gram mole were required for dissociation, while the
older text (Langmuir) showed that 100,000 cal./gram mole were liberated on
recombination. Only by jumping back and forth between the two sources was I
able to put a complete documentation together, and discover the conflicts. It
meant that if the 103 cal./gram mole dissociation energy was correct, that with
the 109 k.cal/gram mole output, the process was theoretically capable of
producing 1,058 times the input energy. This is probably too high but it is
definitely higher than all previous calculations.
It was apparent from the newer text that the writers intended for us to believe
that the final 100 k.cal./gram mole heat—later upped to 109 k.cal./gram mole—
was absorbed from the arc, but the 103 cal./gram mole dissociation heat figure
showed a net 108,897 cal./gram mole unexplained. If there are about 22.4 cubic
liters or 22,400 cubic cm. If that amount of hydrogen at STP can be dissociated
by 103 calories of heat seemed astounding, but since hydrogen is the lightest
element, it might be possible, but considering the idea that this same volume of
hydrogen, weighing one gram, could somehow carry the heat of 109,000 calories
—equivalent to the caloric heat of about 75 loaves of bread weighing at least 112
lbs.—it seemed ludicrous. This bread would weigh 50,400 times the gram of
hydrogen, and the actual hydrogen content would be so much greater than that
gram of hydrogen, so that the “official story” seemed impossible. So the “extra
heat” appears to come from an officially unidentified source.
The idea that sufficient energy to weld could be extracted by the arc during the


=== [PDF p.116] ===
e dea t at su
c e t e e gy to we d cou d be e t acted by t e a c du
g t e
time required for the gas to pass from the orifice and through the arc is
remarkable. The time required for 22,400 cubic cm. to pass through the arc
allows for .2 calories per cubic cm. Five cubic cm. of gas would be required to
provide each calorie of heat, amounting to 1/9th of one slice of bread. A
minimum number of cubic cm. per second of hydrogen involved in making a
weld is obviously required.
109,000 cal./gram mole equals 432.5 BTU/gram mole—roughly the heat energy
contained in 75 loaves of bread (1 lb. 8 oz. loaves at 90 calories per each of 16
slices)—so the heat energy which they have asked us to believe is ‘stored’ in an
amount of atomic hydrogen which weighs 1/28th of an ounce, during its passage
through the arc seems incredible. Yet the transformer is required to produce only
half what it does in conventional welding processes. It seems more likely that
excess heat could be stored in molecules than in ‘almost naked’ atomic hydrogen
atoms. What ever happened to Bohr’s little atom! It got bigger, and bigger, and
.......
Between the older text (1921-1950, from the first and sixth editions) and the
newer (1976) Norton science encyclopedia, it was obvious that science was
much more simpler in the pre-National Security Act days, and that in the newer
text, there was a reflection of the fishy attempts brought on by the national
security laws and the firmer establishment of the RQMs, to conceal certain
scientific knowledge which had been discovered all the way back in 1912 by
Langmuir, and I even find it hard to believe that Langmuir did not know or
suspect the truth. Aside from the discrepancies between the older measurements,
regarding the comparable outputs between the combustion of gasoline and the
combustion of molecular hydrogen, and the output from the atomic hydrogen
process, to the newer text, there was a failure, so far as I could determine, to
state under appropriate references (or any others I could find) some important
facts concerning atomic hydrogen, and even apparent misrepresentations of the
actual comparative outputs of gasoline and hydrogen combustion, through
“doublethink”—the Orwellian “badges of fraud”—of which I spoke in Space
Aliens. Though this 103 cal./gram mole “slip” appears to have been made,
Norton apparently was also forced by circumstances to rely on some ‘scientists’
who represented the fossil fuel cartels and other conflicting interests, while the
older text, though inaccurate, should have been relatively free of such influences
at that time, but maybe not.
For example, in the newer text, page 1311, energy from the combustion of
h d
t t d t 29 000
l
i
(52 200 BTU/lb ) I th
ld


=== [PDF p.117] ===
hydrogen was stated at 29,000 calories per gram (52,200 BTU/lb.). In the older
text, this value was given at 62,100 BTU/lb., with a comparative value for
gasoline (“petroleum”) at 19,800 BTU/lb., stretched to 20,825 BTU/lb. in the
newer encyclopedia. These figures roughly comported with those in the
encyclopedia for n-Heptane (“gasoline”) at 19,314 BTU/lb., and hydrogen at
51,571.4 BTU/lb., more or less repeated at page 1137, with n-Heptane at
10,737.2 cal./gram, and hydrogen at 28,669.6 cal./gram, yet nowhere in the
newer or older text was it affirmatively stated that the hydrogen was not
“consumed” in the process.
The corrected figure (52,200 BTU/lb.) shows, in a comparison between the
combustion of “normal hydrogen” (to form H2O) and gasoline (to form CO2),
that hydrogen has a yield of roughly 2.7 times that of gasoline, by weight. Then
we come to a comparison between gasoline and atomic hydrogen. Though the
two can be compared BTU-for-BTU and pound-for-pound, showing atomic
hydrogen’s phenomenal output, the real measure of the atomic hydrogen process
is gleaned only from a comparison between the “input energy)—103 cal./gram
molecule—and the net output. The “input energy” would be “unity” for the
process, because the process does not ‘consume’ the hydrogen, but only returns
it to its associated diatomic state as H2 . The dissociation energy, subtracted from
the gross output, would be the net output:
109,000 cal./gram mole (gross heat output)
Minus 103 cal./gram mole (dissociation energy - “unity”) Leaves 108,897
cal./gram mole (net output - “over-unity” because the hydrogen didn’t have that
much calorific energy in the first place, and was not ‘consumed’ in the second
place)
This output is theoretically 1,058 times the input energy. In my opinion,
hydrogen is not really a “fuel” in this process but rather a “medium” used in the
extraction of and conversion of energy from the Primary Solar Rays via the
ether, by transforming cosmic radiant energy into infrared (heat) radiation,
which according to Tesla is actually (mechanical) sound waves in the ether. The
energy required to pump the diatomic hydrogen to a holding tank, before being
recycled and shot back through the arc and into the reaction chamber once again,
is not considered in this computation because it is relatively negligible and
unrelated to the process itself, since the dissociation energy is less than a
thousandth of the gross output, and there might be a way to make the process
work without this particular pump anyway.


=== [PDF p.118] ===
The manipulators of information appear to have done everything they can to
make a direct comparison between atomic hydrogen and gasoline as difficult as
possible, but I have waded through a multistep mathematical, physical, chemical
and unitary process to get closer to the truth. According to 'official' sources,
atomic hydrogen produces over 109 k.ca../gram mole, which is 109,000,000
cal./kilo. Subtract the 103 cal./gram mole endothermic dissociation energy, and a
net of 108,897 k.cal./gram mole is left.
If true, the 1,058 times the input energy figure for atomic hydrogen however
brings into question as to whether or not the official figures for gasoline are
correct. Perhaps they are wrong, which would explain how Shell Oil Company
in a battery of efficiency tests in the ‘50s were able to get hundreds of miles per
gallon of gasoline in an automobile with a specially designed carburetor.
No wonder the atomic hydrogen welding process “went out of use”. With this
process, home consumers would pay nothing for fuel, because they could
produce a small amount of hydrogen in the basement, any time needed, and
could use it over and over, ad infinitum. They could heat their houses, drive
their cars, and use it for “home industry” purposes. In a motor cruiser on the
ocean, one would never have to worry about where the “next gallon” of fuel was
coming from, or what it would “cost”, because like sunshine, the heat from
atomic hydrogen is “free”, except, unlike sunshine, you could produce as much
as you want, any time, day or night, summer or winter, rain or shine; the farmer
would no longer be dependent upon the oil cartels for his energy, and could run
his machinery and heat his barns “free”. He could tell the fuel suppliers and the
banks to screw themselves. People in the far Alaskan north could heat large
spaces without huge expense. “Northern industry” would thrive again. The
population control Nazis will hate me.
It is obvious that the reason that corporations like ARCO went so heavily into
producing solar energy equipment in the early ‘70s, was so that they could
control the patents and raise the costs of solar panels and ultimately control the
cost of (free) solar energy, to make it “competitive” with gasoline and other
fossil fuels. And they were eventually busted for this anti-competitive activity.
There are many ways used in contemporary texts to confuse facts, but the most
effective way is by complete omission. Such facts could not have been
concealed by “accident” or mere “oversight”, because they are too phenomenal.
Only by plowing through a tortuous mathematical process and confusing units
and other factors was the true motive for such concealment revealed for certain


=== [PDF p.119] ===
and other factors was the true motive for such concealment revealed for certain,
but tell me why I’m not surprised?
Conservatively speaking, the atomic hydrogen process bears a 10.5-to-l ratio to
n-Heptane. Would you care for 315 miles per gallon? How about 550,000 miles?
It all depends on how many times you recycle it. You don't need to worry about
wasting energy on electrolysis because you recycle the same hydrogen
continuously.
The figures for n-Heptane are grossly confusing, as one might expect, since it is
shown only by comparison by weight that hydrogen combustion has a 2.7-to-1
ratio to n-Heptane. This deception was effected by playing around with differing
heat and weight units, pressures, and volumes, and the difference between the
centigrade, Fahrenheit and English unit systems. The “109,000 cal./ gram mole”
figure for atomic hydrogen was omitted from the newer texts, though one might
have been able to extrapolate it from some complex data stated in other areas
where even the inquisitive person is not expected to look. There was a total
absence in the new text or other “new” data available to me, of a direct
comparison of energy outputs between combustion of petroleum and hydrogen,
much less the atomic hydrogen process. This is of course consistent with the
continued government secrecy since 1943 regarding the huge mass of
information on Nikola Tesla. Hide what you can. Lie, ignore or confuse about
the rest. My invention has thrown all the data up in the air. Physics will have to
make some fundamental changes.
I have never seen a direct comparison by any of the thousands of Ph.D.s in
chemistry or physics, who should have become aware of these facts during their
cursory studies. To make these figures even more ludicrous, with BTU (“British
Thermal Units”), one would expect the weight to be shown in kilos under the
metric system, instead of the English “pounds”. These machinations appear to
rely upon the well-founded assumption that all scientists who know, are
controlled and don’t say, and those who aren’t controlled, will be considered
“quacks” if they try to say. Again, it the usual case of “Those who know, can’t
say, and those who say, will be presumed not to know.”
Another stupid trick used is to compare “system weights”, under the false
assumption that the user of hydrogen would have to use only the systems they
present, raising the “comparable” weight of hydrogen to gasoline, using
cumbersome cryogenic bottles or hydride storage tanks, etc., when the simple
figures clearly show that onethird the amount by weight of hydrogen would be


=== [PDF p.120] ===
needed for a comparable combustion process. Whenever hydride systems are
mentioned, there is an obvious omission of the liquid hydride system developed
by Dr. Gerald Schafflander of California, the promotion for which Schafflander
and associates were abusively prosecuted by the SEC, as previously stated in
Space Aliens and Pentagon Aliens . Yet, the atomic hydrogen process would be
more than adequate—even fantastic—with only a pound of hydrogen, and one
could carry an extra 25 lbs of Dr. Schafflander’s liquid hydride in the trunk.
Below is a direct comparison between the BTU/lb for combustion of gasoline
and molecular hydrogen, and the atomic hydrogen process, respectively:
Gasoline combustion (n-Heptane) 19,314 BTU/lb Hydrogen combustion (H2 +
O) 52,200 BTU/lb Atomic hydrogen (H2 ⇆ 2H) 196,200 BTU/lb
Note that this comparison is based on the 'accepted' value for the atomic
hydrogen process and does not involve a “consumption” of the hydrogen, yet
even if it did, the ration between atomic hydrogen and gasoline is still 10.5-to-
one. Take into consideration also that all the best methods for obtaining over a
hundred miles per gallon (even hundreds of miles per gallon) of gasoline in
automobile engines, utilize the vaporization of gasoline and mixture of it with air
prior to combustion, something which is easier to do with hydrogen because it is
in a gaseous state at normal temperatures and pressures. Also consider that while
n-Heptane is a ‘purer’ gasoline, it hasn’t been available for years, and most
“gasoline” is a dilute mixture with water and various additives, with only about
50% n-Heptane, so I’m being as kind as I can be to “gasoline”.
If a pound of gasoline could propel a car 30 miles, the consumption would be
666.6 BTU/mile. On the same scale, a pound of atomic hydrogen would yield
315 miles. Then you could repeat it, over and over and over. A pound of
hydrogen could conceivably supply all your energy needs for your whole life,
and you could produce another 100 pounds of it electrolytically, right in your
basement, from tap water. Is this free energy, or what?
Though the facts of this “secret” hydrogen process are “hidden in plain sight”,
one must beware of the disinformation, as well as the common mistakes created
by “scientists” who have been duped by the RQMs. For example, in the 1976
Norton Encyclopedia, 5th Edition, page 1311, most of the pertinent facts about
hydrogen are shown. The “109,000 cal./gram molecule” for recombined
hydrogen, reported in an older text, was not shown directly, though the
following facts which were shown, are of particular note:


=== [PDF p.121] ===
Heat of vaporization at 20.4°K 107 cal/gram Energy released upon combustion
29,000 cal/gram Heat of combustion at 25°C (gross) 63,317 cal/gram Heat of
combustion at 25°C (net) 57,797/6 cal/gram
ANOTHER ASTOUNDING PROOF AND MORE HYDROGEN METHODS
The Norton encyclopedia was in its 5th edition, and the “103 cal/gram mole”
dissociation energy did not appear to be a typographical error or misprint, and
should have been corrected by that time if discovered. How many books would I
have to search to find such a ‘misprint’, especially since I didn’t expect to find
the anomaly because of the obvious concealment? Yet, in Physical Chemistry60 ,
at page 418, appeared the following:
“The Spectroscopic evaluation of the dissociation energy
The energy of dissociation, De of a diatomic molecule is the difference between
the potential energy of the atoms when infinitely separated, and their energy
when the atoms are at rest at the equilibrium separation.”
Notice that the “at rest” state of the molecules is couched in language that makes
you think that the “infinitely separated” atomic hydrogen atoms represents the
“excited state” for the element. In layman’s terms, the RQMs simply made the
statement that the dissociation and recombination energies had to be the same,
because their theories depended upon them being the same. Then they measured
the dissociation energy backwards, by measuring the recombination energy, and
stating the measurement as if it were the dissociation energy. The statements are
supplanted by a lot of RQM gobbledegook, with a “spectrographic evaluation”
thrown in like some snake oil, because the spectroscope purportedly “can’t lie”.
There is also in the same text, at page 417, the following obtuse statement:
“...In kilocalories per mole, De is 109.”
If hydrogen atoms exothermically release energy when they combine to form
molecules, the potential energy of the heat has been lost by the atoms, yet they
attribute the “potential energy” to the hydrogen molecules—backwards—to
evade their duty to draw the logical conclusion. If this energy cannot be obtained
except by the prior injection of 109,000 cal/gram mole, then it is not “potential
energy”. This is shown by a graph (“fig. 4") purporting to show the


=== [PDF p.122] ===
60 60. E. A. Moelwyn-Hughes, Cambridge, Physical Chemistry (1965) Pergamon Press, London, page 418
(Supra.).
“potential energy of the hydrogen molecule in the ground electronic state.” This
clearly appears to be a misrepresentation by a Ph.D. in physics of the “Royal
Society”, that hydrogen in the “atomic state” is not in a ground state, but in an
excited state. In this 1965 physical chemistry text from England, the heat energy
released on recombination of the hydrogen atoms is given as 109,000 cal/gram
mole, then misrepresented as equal to the “potential energy” of the “ground state
hydrogen molecules” which have just formed. But the “ground state” of
hydrogen should be the atomic state, with the electron at its lowest level of
energy, since there appears to be no way the naked atoms could “store” the
109,000 cal/gram mole. Where, exactly would this energy “reside”? I could
believe that the atom could capture the energy from the Primary Solar Rays on
dissociation, but since the heat energy is released on recombination, the
molecules lack the heat energy already released. The potential energy of the
separate atoms is greater than that of the molecules, which I think is because the
heat energy is released from the entrained ether and converted Primary Solar
Rays—not from the hydrogen atoms—when they combine to form molecules.
Since original publication of this book in 1997-98, there have been at least four
specific cases where, based on my original invention, at least four tests have
shown over-unity results. These are:
1. D. W. Energy Research, LLC, Colorado Springs, Colorado, U.S. Patent
#6,113,065, “Liquid Gasification Process”, claiming an “energy amplification
factor of about 1.9” (a patent based on a verbatim copy of my design).
2. Alexander Frolov, Faraday Labs, St. Petersburg, Russia, claiming an
efficiency of over 200%, using an A.C.-heated tungsten filament.
(http:/faraday.ru).
3. Jean-Louis Naudin, Paris, over 2,100% effocoemcu isomg a 50 Hz. D.C. pulse
(created from Eurpoean 50 Hz. House current).
4. Italians, Andrea Rossi and Sergio Focardi---the “Rossi-Focardi LENR
Device”---based on the Lyne Atomic Hydrogen Furnace, but concealed by a
deceptive description and “secrecy”). This was announced Jan. 14, 2011, from
Bologna, Italy. Rossi claimed an output of 12,400 Watts with an input of 300
Watts (COP of 31).


=== [PDF p.123] ===
Though Naudin says that his experiment was based on Langmuir’s work,
Langmuir never invented the use of a closed loop system, and never knew that
the process was over-unity, which means his calculations were WRONG. That is
my work. I also am the first that I know of to design an industrial grade atomic
hydrogen furnace. Naudin used the same unit constructed by Frolov (using a
large old metallic water-cooled rectifier tube) with a slight alteration of the
dissociation current (from a conventional electrically-heated tungsten filament).
Both Frolov and Naudin mention a Danish man named Nicholas Moller who
plagiarized my work and my design and misrepresented to Frolov that it was his
work. Frolov corrected this fraud.
Andrea Rossi copied my invention with minor variations. He dissociates the H2
to H1 then reacts it in a stainless steel chamber packed with nickel powder
around which a water jacket removes the heat and converts water to low pressure
wet steam. Then he recirculates the hydrogen circuitously as in my invention to
be repeated ad infinitum . There is a difference in design but in effect no
difference in concept.
The dissociation method used by Rossi---Nichrome® resistance heating wires---
after which the H1 is injected into the reaction chamber packed with nickel
power, provides the environment which effects the recombination of the H1 to
H2 with release of heat. This is said by some to produce some nuclear radiation
as a result of energyconsuming transmutation of some of the nickel to copper
(ca.10%) and iron (ca.14%), but there is no residual radioactive matter. The
reaction chamber has a surrounding water jacket through which water is
circulated to remove the heat and generate low pressure wet steam. The nickel
buffets and lowers the high temperature reaction heat, so the water is of
insufficient temperature to produce the dry, superheated steam required to power
a turbo-electric steam generator. I solved the problem of how to handle the
extremely high temperatures years ago but am now holding that secret as
proprietary technology.
The transmutation effected by Rossi's device is not desirable with this process
and is counter-productive, since it diminishes energy output and also leads to
confusion for those who need a conventional explanation. It has also confused
Rossi, whose explanation has been rejected because it is a failed attempt to
satisfy conventional physics. Only my “ether and Primary Solar Rays”
explanation will suffice. Scientists must realize that with my invention, I have
opened a door to use of cosmic energy. Until they realize this, they will only
continue to prop up a false (relativist) physics, and incidentally continue to
supply a market for uranium and nuclear energy, coal, gas and other fossil fuels.


=== [PDF p.124] ===
There is a definite deception by Rossi, saying that he “invented” it and that he
has a “secret catalyst” (when in fact, in this case, the catalyst is the “catalytic
metal”, nickel). This is shown in my original 1996 drawing as “ Activation
energy device (spark plug, catalytic metal , etc.)”. The use of a catalytic metal is
unnecessary so I apologize for that. Rossi's statement that 'there is absolutely no
tungsten' in his device (in obvious reference to my design) only confirms his
prior knowledge of my invention as well as confusion that my design somehow
relies on tungsten, per se (it was recommended only for its high-temperature
applications, not for catalysis). Almost any metal will trigger the recombination
of H1 to H2 . Once the reaction is triggered by contact with metal it will continue
so long as H1 is supplied.
I have also solved the exact mechanism by which the molecular binding energy
is canceled and resupplied. I have also conceived a unique method for
dissociation. But I won't disclose those details here because idea-thieves will
only steal and say they discovered them.
My 1996 design is as follows (the encircled part is where Rossi got his “catalytic
metal”/“eCat” idea):


=== [PDF p.125] ===


=== [PDF p.126] ===
With both Langmuir's and Rossi's use of electrical resistance heating wires to
dissociate the H2 , you have to ask what kind of radiation comes off the wires. I
believe that it is not the heat---as Langmuir and Rossi believed---that dissociates
the molecules, but the radiation, which according to Tesla is mechanical sound
waves in the ether. These waves tear the H2 molecules apart physically rather
than by heat expansion. (Some have mistakenly described the H1 as a
“superheated hot gas” which is wrong.) The I.R. radiation is in the microwave
spectrum. Other frequencies may work---some possibly even better---to get
maximum effect, the idea being to use as little energy as possible to produce the
greatest effect in the name of efficiency. The invention must also be durable and
resilient to component fatigue, with minimal maintenance so as not to break
down in the long Winters of Alaska or Sweden, or on a steamturbine-driven ship
in the middle of the ocean.
The following is a simplified drawing of my re-designed furnace, which does not
include the secret details of each of the parts shown:
A. - Accelerator
B. - Dissociator


=== [PDF p.127] ===
C. - Reactor/Heat Exchanger D. - H2 Return Conduit
E. - Heat Exchange Fluid Pump F. - Hot Fluid Tank (test) G. - Electric Input
H. - Watt-hour Meter I. - Thermometer
H2 is accelerated by Accelerator A through Dissociator B where it is efficiently
converted to H1. H1 is reacted in Combined Heat Exchanger/Reactor C
returning H1 to H2. H2 is returned from C to A via H2 Return Conduit D.
Heat Exchange Fluid Pump E pumps heat exchange fluid from Hot Fluid
Tank F through Combined Reactor/Heat Exchanger C and back to Hot Fluid
Tank F. Electric Input G Wattage is measured by Watt-hour Meter H and
compared to calories measured by Thermometer I to determine efficiency
ratio.
Inclusion of the details would enable the corporate thieves and other fakers to
decipher my design, patent it, sell it to the government, and the people might
never see it. The corporations would be unjustly enriched. A rough conservative
estimate of this single unit's expected output, in a size no more than a cubic
meter including the holding tank, is at least 50 kW net, free energy, and it will
heat a large space or produce superheated dry steam to power a turbo-electric
generator for electric power.
As of February, 2012, I have no backers, so building is slow on my meager
means. Its secrets may die with me whenever I go, unless a fair backer emerges.
At this point you might say that I am “on strike” like John Galt. But a pocket full
of money will induce me to go off strike.
Due to changes in our patent laws---“first to file” not “first to invent”---I have
decided not to open-source the details of my newest design, for then we might
have the spectacle of some copy-cat suppressing me for authorizing the use of
my own invention to people at large. The idiots in the Patent Office, in their
infinite wisdom, probably thought this new rule would induce someone like me
to apply for a patent. I do not have the financial resources to do so.
The RQM’s misrepresentation of the real potential of this process is hereby
unmasked as Orwellian doublethink. Since when is the potential energy of the
atom of an element measured from its molecular state, or its atomic state called
its “excited state”? This is exactly like saying that a truck sitting at the bottom of
a hill has more “potential energy” than one sitting at the top, because of the
energy required to drive it up to the top of the hill! What a strange way to define
“potential energy”. It is like saying that an empty gas can has the potential


=== [PDF p.128] ===
pote t a e e gy . t s
e say g t at a e pty gas ca
as t e pote t a
energy of the gas that it takes to fill it up!
The unique thing about the hydrogen atom, is that it is “born” at the top of the
hill! Its astounding properties lie in its ability to perform as a “doorway”
between the ether, Primary Solar Rays and the world of more familiar atomic
matter.
The relativist statements have been unwittingly accepted as correct, because
there is no ether or Primary Solar Rays possible under their theories, and the
molecules have to have more energy than the atoms separately, because “E =
MC2 ”. The RQMs have misrepresented and concealed this process in which
separate atoms— with lower MASS—possess more “atomic” energy than the
molecules!. These facts on hydrogen show that E equals MUCH MORE THAN
MC2 .
Under relativism “solid” matter is thought erroneously to be the most “compact”,
“stored” form of “atomic energy”, because the energy is supposed to be released
from mass by the “smashing” and destruction, or fusing together of atoms, which
Tesla said was false. It is clearly shown by the Lyne Atomic Hydrogen Furnace
that Tesla was right and the relativists and Einstein were wrong, because the
hydrogen atoms acquire more potential energy between the separate atomic state
and the diatomic molecular state when the atoms recombine and the atoms have
to get their energy from an external source. The only other way that the
molecules can release any “potential” energy is through combustion with
oxygen, which is a much lower energy output, and that too may come from the
Primary Solar Rays. Tesla said that radioactivity was a reaction of atomic mass
with the Primary Solar Rays, just as the hydrogen atom emits IR radiation. The
separate atoms must convert kinetic energy from the Primary Solar Rays and
eject it in the form of sound waves in the ether in the microwave spectrum when
recombined. This radiation then reacts with matter to produce heat.
The perverse “potential energy” fallacy is also a way to confuse the diatomic
hydrogen molecules with the nascent atomic hydrogen atoms produced by
dissociation. The energy of hydrolysis is equated with the energy of dissociation,
and the energy of combustion with the energy of recombination, yet the
information presented here shows that by combining a type of hydrolysis of
water, in which atomic hydrogen is produced directly, with the atomic hydrogen
recombination process, instead of the combustion process, that at least 10.5
times as much energy as the hydrolytic input can be produced, in still a third
f


=== [PDF p.129] ===
astounding hydrogen free energy process. This is a gain in energy which
Langmuir seemed to to have missed and failed to mention. This is true because
the atomic hydrogen process without question releases at least 3.75 times the
BTUs by weight (even by RQM standards), as ordinary hydrogen and oxygen
produce in the combustion process. It is generally agreed that the “energy of
combustion” equals at least the “energy of hydrolysis” (even though it is well
known that the industrial production of hydrogen is generally 120% efficient in
the so-called “water-gas” process, in which steam is shot through a white-hot
graphite orifice).
Production of atomic hydrogen directly by hydrolysis, eliminating a separate
dissociation operation, is yet another exciting possibility. If the 103 cal/gram
dissociation energy is correct and the electrolytic energy is recovered by
combustion, there is a theoretical possibility of getting a net 1,058 times the
energy of input in the recombination process.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
As a “welding process”, this process was allegedly ‘obsolesced’ by MIG and
TIG welding, neither of which can compare to its welding efficiency and uses.
Since the welding process was its main use in the years past, the “new”
processes allowed industry to toss the ‘obsolete” process onto the junk heap. The
“new” processes were promoted by the establishment, motivating their suppliers
and the electric power companies at their own levels. More archaic tanks,
transformers, gauges, torches, electrodes, gases, fluxes, and electric power, etc.,
etc., to be sold at a hefty profit. If people generate their own hydrogen for
welding at home, how much equipment, supplies and power will they buy? Is
saving money a crime?
How does the atomic hydrogen obtain its energy, if not from the “ether” and
Primary Solar Rays? No wonder establishment science doesn’t want you to
know there is an ether. If we are to believe the “law of conservation of energy”
as interpreted by ether-excluding establishment “science”, this process is
impossible, yet using data available from the ‘standard’ texts, I have shown that
the input energy of 103 cal/gram mole (or however much is required) is
somehow ‘magnified’ by use of hydrogen as a ‘medium’ so that the 103
cal/gram mole ‘seed’ energy triggers the atomic hydrogen’s apprehension of a
net 108,897 cal/gram mole from the Primary Solar Rays via the “ether”.


=== [PDF p.130] ===
I reiterate, an equally phenomenal “atomic helium” process (reported in Space
Aliens) is 4.6 times this caloric output per gram mole. What is the proportionate
input? It can be conducted almost the same way, and produces the same kind of
electrical energy and radiation-to-heat energy transformation, in which “mass” is
only a “medium” used in the process. Similar principles are shared by the Lyne
Atomic Hydrogen Furnace, as shown by my illustration at this chapter’s end, and
Josef Papp’s noble gas engine61 . If these processes used as much electrical
energy as they produced, and electrical energy was the end product sought, what
would be the reason for the process, right? At the comparable 30 mpg for n-
Heptane, helium could produce 42.86 times as much as atomic hydrogen, or
about 1285.8 miles per pound. That is, if you used the helium up, which you
don’t.
According to the Van Nostrand’s Scientific Encyclopedia62 , simple electron
bombardment of helium gas in a special chamber, excites the helium atom to a
temporarily radioactive isotope of extremely short half-life. In this state, the
helium atom unpairs its electrons, promotes one electron to the 2s state (in which
state it remains for only a very short time), and afterward releases 460,000
cal/gram mole on collapse of the excited atoms back to their ground state. This
gram of gas molecules occupies only slightly more than a gram mole of atomic
hydrogen. It is my belief and theory that the elements in the excited state
somehow convert the energy of the Primary Solar Rays according to Tesla’s
theory of radioactivity.
61 61. Josef Papp, Method and Means of Converting Atomic Energy into Utilizable Kinetic Energy , Patent
# 3,670,494 (June 20, 1972). 
62 62. supra.
Since each hydrogen atom is composed of a proton and an electron, each with
equal-and-opposite charge, one would expect the binding force between
diatomic molecules to be very weak, but when the atoms are separated they
purportedly expand greatly in size, encompassing a greater volume of ether. On
recombination, the atoms shrink in volume, and according to standard theory,
infrared radiation is squeezed out of the atom. The dissociation requires only 103
cal/gram mole, yet on recombination, the atoms “exothermically” yield a net
108,897 cal/gram mole. How exactly does this occur?
All space is packed solid “bumper-to-bumper” with ether. This elusive and ultra
fine, absolutely transparent matter is being omnidirectionally interpenetrated by
P i
S l
R
d f
i
i l
ll d
hi h
d b
h


=== [PDF p.131] ===
Primary Solar Rays composed of minute particles propelled at high speed by the
enormous forces in stars. These particles must collide with and excite the ether
held within the atomic space between the proton and the electron cloud,
transferring their momentum to the ether and producing sound waves in the ether
in the infrared (heat) spectrum, while the minute solar particles themselves must
be absorbed by the atoms creating new mass or discarded. The increased
momentum must be carried by the mono-atomic hydrogen atoms until they are
opened up on release during recombination into diatomic molecules.
The facts suggested here are forbidden by relativity and quantum mechanics, in
which a simple harmonic oscillator cannot have a stationary state of zero kinetic
energy, because the ground state still has one-half quantum of energy and the
appropriate motion, yet by relativity’s ‘other’ rules, the principle of kinetic
energy has no applicability to electromagnetic radiation. Since relativity also
rejects the existence of an ether, there is nothing in so-called “empty space” to
contain such radiant energy, and the atomic hydrogen process would have to
create its energy from “nothing”, therefore violating the law of conservation of
energy, as misinterpreted by the relativists who see all energy functions as part
of the ‘winding down’ products of an “original” BIG BANG and entrained
entropy theory.
Incidentally, this same atomic hydrogen process, as first published here and now,
is also the apparent source of the anomalous exothermic heat produced in
aqueous cavitation, as well as in the socalled “cold fusion” process, which are
two other free energy processes which I believe are versions of the atomic
hydrogen process.
The atomic hydrogen atoms have single, unpaired electrons in enlarged shells.
These atoms are in Mendeleev’s Group I-a, and all the atoms in that group have
unpaired outer electrons, and are photoreactive to and transmute when exposed
to ultraviolet light, and all of them can be used to convert Primary Solar Rays
into usable free energy. This photo-reactivity creates temporary,
artificialradioactivity-produced isotopes of short half-life, with the emission of
radiant energy. But the radioactivity is contained within the atoms. The energy
for the infrared frequency ether waves comes from the Primary Solar Rays
according to Tesla, not from the atoms themselves. The atoms can be analogized
by certain crystals, described by the Raman Effect, in which light passing
through the crystals is “stepped down” to lower frequencies. The infrared
spectrum light produced by the atomic hydrogen process is thermally reactive
with normal atomic and molecular matter.


=== [PDF p.132] ===
with normal atomic and molecular matter.
The transfer of force from the Primary Solar Rays to the dissociated H1 atoms, is
apparently the kind of thing spoken of by Tesla when he stated: “There is no
energy in matter other than that received from the environment.”63
In so-called “cold fusion”, the electrolytic cell produces “nascent hydrogen”,
with the atomic hydrogen process, and the recombination of the mono-atomic
hydrogen to H2 releases overunity heat, the product claimed. My process also
proves Tesla’s theory that atomic energy comes from the environment. It proves
that “mass” does not even enter into the equation, and that Einstein’s “E = MC2”
is wrong. Einstein’s theory says this process as I describe it could only be
possible if the hydrogen were ‘annihilated’, converting its “mass” into heat, and
otherwise, is impossible. But the hydrogen is still hydrogen, and Einstein was
still wrong. It defies relativism and the BIG BANG.
Perhaps this or a similar process was also what Leland Anderson referred to in
his eulogy of Tesla, when he mentioned his “plucking” thermal units “...right out
of the thin air”. After all, the hydrogen atoms when in the H2 molecular form are
smaller, therefore “compressed”. Compression of a gas releases heat radiation,
usually thought to originate with the energy endothermically absorbed during
decompression, which is backward from the gas dynamics. So in this case the
question is “Where did the heat come from and exactly how much does it
produce?”
63 63. Nikola Tesla, Lecture Before the Institute of Immigrant Welfare (May 12, 1938).
In the case of hydrogen, the change is effected by the natural, physical process of
recombination to H2 . According to standard theory, the molecular atoms can be
‘decompressed’ by application of “the heat of dissociation”, because the strong
binding force between the atoms is supposedly weakened by an amount of
exothermic energy sufficient to separate the atoms, which is exactly the amount
regained when the atoms are recombined.
Hydrogen atoms have the highest charge-to-mass ratio known, a ratio which
almost completely neutralizes the protons. ‘Decompression’ of the electron
clouds occurs during dissociation. As the protons dissociate with application of
the 103 cal/gram mole, this allows the greatly expanded electron clouds of the
atoms to encompass a larger volume of space, from which a net 108,897
cal/gram mole can be extracted from the only sources available, the Primary


=== [PDF p.133] ===
cal/gram mole can be extracted from the only sources available, the Primary
Solar Rays and the ether. Since there is no great cooling activity in the proximate
area of dissociation, the ‘heat’ can only come from a conversion of
environmental radiation, else there would be the formation of ice, etc. This
process, though it can be thermally set up and triggered by electrons, is not
merely a thermal process, because the net energy released is converted originally
from kinetic energy, while the relativists have no plausible answer.
The raw data for this process came from ordinary science books. The full
magnitude and output comparable to petroleum was only obviated by conversion
of weights, measures, and temperature units, to produce a consistent picture and
to obtain the total net outputs. Most physicists or chemists would refuse to
believe the results, even if they had calculated them themselves, and would insist
that they had erred. This is indeed an inverted BIG LIE which is told very small
and often. The lie consists of a denial that there is an ether, the distortion of
quantum mechanics, and the exaggeration of or minimizing of other
incompatible measurements, to create a false overall picture. This is then backed
up by a vacuum of information in texts and other sources available to the public,
created via the National Security Act, at the behest of the Fuel/Power Cartels.
APPROPRIATE USE OF THE PROCESS
With an understanding of the atomic hydrogen process, and the great magnitude
of its output, what are its most immediately applicable uses?
The most direct, appropriate use of this technology appears to be to provide heat
for homes, as well as for home-industrial or industrial heating purposes, or for
agricultural heat production. A secondary use would be to produce heat for
steam to drive turbinepowered electric generators or for motive power for cars,
trucks, boats, trains and planes. This system would be excellent if coupled with
refrigerant-driven, closed-loop turbo-electric generators, to provide electric
power for electro-propulsive flying saucers, the ultimate in private
transportation.
Since the net output is heat, the first order of business is a special heat
exchanger, to transfer heat to water or other media, or to produce steam for
turbine power. The heat in the reaction chamber of the atomic hydrogen furnace
must be quickly removed by the exchanger to prevent a buildup of heat
sufficient to melt the reactor surfaces which receive and catalyze the
recombining gas atoms. The simplified design shown is merely a proposal which
I presented to prospective backers without disclosing the true details


=== [PDF p.134] ===
I presented to prospective backers without disclosing the true details.
Years ago, German metallurgists used atomic hydrogen in a copper crucible,
creating a “hydrogen environment” to reduce platinum group metals from their
compounds. To resist the high temperatures required for the reductions, the
copper crucible was cooled from below by water, which removed the heat fast
enough to prevent melting of the copper, as platinum metals were melted in it
with the torch from above. The occlusion of oxygen prevented oxidation of the
crucible and the platinum metals, and insured reduction of the platinum
compounds by the hydrogen. This idea, together with over 45 years familiarity
and used of the pyrotechnology and over 34 years of welding has influenced the
design of my atomic hydrogen furnace. The following is a simplified graphic
showing the proposed circuitous cycle of the hydrogen atoms:
At “1" above is the diatomic hydrogen molecule H2 , with more tightly bound
electrons. At “2" are the dissociated hydrogen atoms, H1 , separated due to the
introduction of dissociating energy which can come in several forms. At “3" are
the recombined atoms, with the emission of I.R. frequency sound waves in the
ether as the electron clouds shrink. The entry into the process by the Primary


=== [PDF p.135] ===
Solar Rays is indicated by “PSR”.
CONCLUSIONS
196,200 BTUs is a lot of energy from a pound of hydrogen. I have to pinch
myself. Then repeat it many times. And this is only the tip of the iceberg.
Soon after this kind of “atomic energy” hit a small segment of the unknowing
American public—the welders—in the late ‘40s, there were newspaper stories
saying that the trans-Atlantic voyages of the Queen Mary could be powered by a
hunk of radioactive material the size of a golf ball. They exaggerated their
stories that way when the nuclear industry wanted us to get hooked and pay for
it, but today’s “nuclear reactors” produce electricity at the same efficiency level
as coal and gas-fired generators (38%), and we still have to deal with the
inevitable problems of greater expense, entrenched, archaic, stagnant “nuclear”
and fossil fuel technology, nuclear decay, waste, and probable devastation like
Cernobyl.
The stumbling blocks to the use of hydrogen are actually illusions, created by the
corporate-state coercive monopolists. The atomic hydrogen effect was
discovered in 1912 by Langmuir, and was developed only as a “welding
process” in the ‘30s. The DOE ‘scientists’ at Los Alamos said the use of
hydrogen involved heavy, cumbersome cryogenic tanks and equipment, until a
liquid hydride system was developed by Dr. Gerald Schafflander of California,
and was pointed out by me in a letter to the New Mexican newspaper in Santa
Fe, New Mexico in 1980, totally ridiculing their phony efforts in 1979. Then
Schafflander and associates were prosecuted by the SEC—because the liquid
hydride stored hydrogen in something like “rock salt”—which cracked out at
about 70° C. (The SEC presented this as incredulous, I don’t.) DOE scientists
mention only the heavier, more cumbersome, solid metallic hydride systems.
Schafflander’s lighter liquid hydride system, which used solarvoltaics to
generate the hydrogen, would be a wonderful way to store and deliver hydrogen
for the atomic hydrogen process. Goodbye oil cartels, hello atomic hydrogen, it’s
pay-back time!
By the way, the reason my “cold fusion” process (using my weird lead-based
cathode) which I tested back in 1980, worked so well was because Langmuir,
back in 1912, said his lead amalgam cathode produced “nascent” (atomic)
hydrogen directly. Cold fusionists, throw away your palladium cathodes and get
lead amalgam! Watch the price of water rise to $4.00 per gallon. After all, why


=== [PDF p.136] ===
ead a a ga ! Watc t e p ce o wate
se to $ .00 pe ga o .
te a , w y
should “they” allow “us” to buy a whole gallon of pure H2O “chemicals” for
less, especially when a gallon is enough for a lifetime?
If the energy of hydrolysis produces approximately the same heat energy as that
recovered by combustion, and dissociated hydrogen atoms can be produced
directly by hydrolysis, this process with the furnace has to be free energy.
William Lyne was born in Big Spring, Texas in 1938 and was raised in West
Texas oil boom towns, with two years as a child in the Bay Area of Northern
California during WW II, and the southeast Big Thicket country of Texas. He
has a B.S. in Fine Arts and Industrial Arts (1965) from Sam Houston State
University in Huntsville, Texas and an M.F.A. in Studio Arts (1969) from the
University of Texas at Austin. Some of his family roots in Texas go back to
1820, sixteen years prior to the Texas Revolution. He has been living in New
Mexico since 1970, and presently resides just to the south of Santa Fe, in the
little railroad town of Lamy.
In 1993, he published Space Aliens From the Pentagon: Flying Saucers are
Man-Made Electrical Machines. In 1995, a revised and expanded second
edition of this book was issued. In 1997, the first edition of Occult Ether
Physics was published. In 1998 the Second Revised Edition was published. In
1999 Pentagon Aliens (a third edition of Space Aliens From the Pentagon )
was published. In 2002, Lyne published Occult Science Dictatorship: The
Official State Science Religion and How to Get Excommunicated. In 2010 the
3rd revised edition of Occult Ether Physics was published in Russia.
As a result of these books, a vast quantity of false government propaganda has
been published via covert intelligence agents posing as members of the
“UFOlogy” community.
Lyne has been featured on such T.V. programs as the History Channel’s “UFO
Hunters” show (originally aired on April 22, 2009, pertaining to Nazi UFOs). In
late 2011 Lyne was interviewed for a segment of Jesse Ventura's “ Conspiracy
Theory ” TV show, which had not been aired by the time of this writing. Lyne
has been interviewed several times by various radio talk show hosts, especially
by his friend Erskine, of “Erskine Overnight”, of Phoenix. Look him up and tune
in!
Here’s an illustration of a ship which Lyne saw in late summer, 1953, in Kermit,
Texas while my family and our neighbors were having an ice cream party:


=== [PDF p.137] ===
Texas while my family and our neighbors were having an ice cream party:
