Yeah. He might be able to see what's
happening here and understand it, but he
didn't understand because of what you
built here and he don't want to know
about what you're doing. No. And what
you're doing is you're helping him here,
but you don't know what he's doing. You
don't understand magnetic field. So
you're wasting time for him and he's a
waste of time for you to see what's
going here. But if you ask singly what
has happened, what's happened there?
What happened there? What's electrolys?
Yeah. And what it do in there? Same
thing. Look. And what did it do there?
That's an opposite damn charge in that.
It's all all mix up. It's a mix up
everywhere. Look at it.
Okay. You should put all of that over
the whole lot of it and
look and you can tell your magnetic
fields can't you? You know what ro your
fields and what's happened is your
magnetic fields or electrical fields
have done this. Do you know that if
you're electroplating you want to put a
curve field just electricity
curve an arc of charge. So look at the
different colors to the arcs. See the
red, the brown, see the white. You see
the clean above? Yeah. So, you've got
one field, two fields, three fields
within a little distance like that.
Three fields. You said I didn't know
about three fields.
I thought there was only north and
south. I only thought there was positive
and negative. But I just showed you a
different thing within a magnet cuz the
center of a magnet everywhere else
except not right on the end. It's not
right on the end. If that was a flat
piece of magnet, you don't get nothing
in there and you don't get anything out
there. Your flame and field of magnetism
comes out of just about that far in and
that far out on a 45° angle. That's how
it comes out of an end of a bar, doesn't
it? Does not come off that tip there. It
doesn't come off the center. If that was
solid, you don't have an end. It comes
out of there where my finger is all the
way around. You can't do it.
So the thing people used these in the
past nobody's actually videotaped it.
This material is rubbish.
What what should we use?
Joe question again.
What shouldn't we use? This or anything
else what does this? Okay. You can
change your components and they'll do
different things and all they are is
conducting. What this one here is
because you got two different colors and
those two different colors are two
different iron base colors and the two
different iron based colors are stacking
that like a battery. So you're getting
positive and negative, positive and
negative just from there. Just off that.
That's a plate. That's a metal plate.
It's just like acting like inside of a
battery. Okay? And then soon as you put
that to another piece of metal, the damn
thing starts to interact like positive
and negative. So positive oxidization,
negative
clean. Okay, the same thing's occurring
in there because that rubber in there.
Okay, that rubber in there is doing a
different thing. You're oxidizing to the
plates, but that rubber in there is
arcing. This one here is arcing one side
and not the other. Better flows through
because of that. That there is burning
both sides. That stuff is only one
color. That'll be burning into both
sides at the same time. That's what will
happen in that. Okay.
Did you show them the big one?
All burns. Show them the big one. Now
hit the big one. I'll show you the
difference in this cell. Okay. Look down
the center tube.
It's electric. It's got crap on it.
Dirty. Yeah.
One white ball.
It's
now down the center of this one.
It's still clean. Uh, it's negative.
It's negative. Well, it's clean. Yeah,
negative. It's clean inside. Look. So,
the difference between these two cells
is this one is clean on the inside tube
where there's no other tube to join up
to it. Okay. So, that water in the
center of that's not neutral water. It's
not zero water. That water in the center
of there is negative charge water. And
all your way out, you've got your
stacking of your waters and your
stacking of your plates. This one, this
one here is positive in the center. This
damn cell should be
zero. Neutrals. It's what they call
neutrals for. That's what you're putting
plates in there, knots, and no wires to
them so that they won't interact. That's
what's supposed to happen. And you're
not supposed to put electrolyte in this
damn stuff. Yeah. We just realized we're
not using that anymore. We're just The
only reason you're doing that is because
negative charge water. The only reason
you're doing that is because this plate
is acting like a piece of plain old
steel what you Brown done years and
years ago. And you'll be better off with
plain steel. One positive steel plate,
one negative steel plate, one positive
steel plate, and heaps of electrolyte.
And guess what won't happen? Doesn't
matter what insulator you put between
it. Why? Because it won't break down.
What will break down is you will eat the
positive plate away. It'll make so much
but it will your negative will
never get touched.
Never touch the negative plate. Is that
right? You will
eat your positive plate all the time.
You'll have to replace it. Go back and
check. I never checked on your brand
science. I've never read one single
thing. I don't even know what he looks
like. But I know what he Okay. He used
to have a head, shoulders, and
feet. Really? Yeah. You got different
kinds of metal in there too. It changes
the field effects between different
kinds of metal. How do you think you
make a battery? Different kinds of
metal. You got the same rubbers. In
fact, you got different rubber out there
and so on like that. All right. You got
different happening in this. Do you like
the spacings?
Because of your rubbers, you do like
those spacings. Are they good?
Is that acceptable? Why is the outside
one so close? Well, that's just what we
had. Well, did you know in a in a
battery or in a positive and negative
charge, you have to have
100% exactly how close and how far away?
If you got the plates in a battery and
everything else you have, one's too
close and one's too far away, it shuts
down all the rest of the battery and it
shorts it out because you got resistance
or conductivity and everything else on
one part which alters all the rest. So,
within
this, yeah, this one's broken down too.
So in that kind of a cell when you build
it like that that is the greatest
surface area but it's the closest
not good. Well not in a battery
not in positive and negative frequency
charge if it was neutral. Did you know
it doesn't matter if they're close or
far away does it? If it was all neutral
zero inside outside of all plates and
everything else and that's what really
what you're looking like trying to do.
You would have all of these plates clean
as a whistle. You wouldn't need any you
wouldn't need electrolyte. You wouldn't
create any or anything else. Okay?
And if there was any the only
to come out of is the water. And
once you clean the water up and get rid
of the you've got yourself a water
which is actually getting to be less
conductive. But it becomes more reactive
in zero in in neutrals where in positive
and negative you need um more
electrolyte or more conductivity. You
ever seen more and
more brown water? Brown water.
Thank you. Brown water.
Okay. This with stainless is a hell of a
lot better.
The outside one is supposed to be I
don't know whether you can feel it, but
this thing here this this is actually
you take all these off single. We set up
some burn uh burn ars in this through
field effect. Lining up irons. Lining up
irons. Changing the thing and lining
them up long ways.
See? That's because of that. That
outside one's supposed to be seamless,
but the rest are all See, now the second
one on the inside is a good one, too.
Oh, yeah. No, that one there is a good
one, too. No, it's got a seam. The
second one, the rest have all got seams.
Sorry. Sorry. The rest have all got
seen. The outside this is probably good
316 stainless or really good high
quality stainless. That one there isn't.
That's probably 304 with more chromium
in it. Yeah, it's crap.
Chromium cleaner looking, but it's more
crap. Okay. This one here's got a
C and it send the