

################################################################################
# [883] JoeCell-TALKS 1
################################################################################

###  JOE TALKS part 1/4, 

 By Alex Schiffer, Update9, from http://divadjac.googlepages.com/update9 

Tape-1. ‘ JOE SPEAK ‘ ; Just Talking Tape l.wps 

 Yeah. in 1991, I had bought a Rover 3500 SDl from KJ Wrecking over at South Lismore. I just wanted to do one up. I have different kinds of vehicles, I don’t like being like everybody else. I picked up a little Morris – can you see it out the front there, you see it? Little 51 Morris panel van. I got the Scorpion there, we got the Escort. Oh photos, I’d have about three or four photo albums in there chockers in there with different vehicles. Anyway we got this damaged one written off right back to the windscreen. I just felt like doing up the SD1. So I bought, brought it home, started fixing it up and everything else, got it all registered and finished and everything else. So the government in 1991 said that petrol would not ever reach fifty-two cents a litre. One week after, it was already at fifty-four point nine. So, now me being a mechanic, and so on like that, plus I’ve worked on vintage cars, I’ve built racing motorbikes, you know, racing motors, worked on tractors, diesels, you know light aeroplanes, everything else. I decided to go out, without even knowing about it, went out to build myself a steam motor. Steam comes out of it.

 Now I know how to build them, on these things. And I went out, without thinking, and I took some stainless steel, and I put some plain water into it, with these neutral plates, that I call them now – they’re not connected to anything … And I used a twelve volt battery, and I used every single thing, what shouldn’t have conducted, and shouldn’t have made steam and everything else. And it didn’t. Out of it, when I put the battery to it, it produced this white stuff. It looked like steam but it’s freezing cold. That’s sort of what you would call fog, of some sort. Now in the bubbles which you’ll see on tape and which you’ve seen in some of these things, this same stuff comes out – it’s not hot. It’s a white mist, fog. But it’s freezing cold.

 Now, what I did, was I decided, oh well, what the heck, I’ve got this happening, I don’t know what for and everything else. And all the water in the container turned milk white. All the water just went milk. That’s with the power on. Okay when you take the battery off it’s only a twelve volt battery – that then goes back to clear water, and no bubbling. And no nothing. But when that happens, and it’s connected to the car, the car goes faster.

Mr Ron Davis, Professor Ron Davis, who wrote up, as I said, who wrote up all Yull Brown science, and he’s now dead. He’s dead. The first original, cell and everything else is behind the lounge there I’ll show you shortly. But Ron Davis played with it, because he, playing with Yull Brown tried to produce hydrogen/oxygen. That’s all Yull did, but, that’s not all what Yull did. Yull produced an energy field because he knew that hydrogen and oxygen won’t run anything. You understand? That’s not what runs things. And you’ve gotta come to that conclusion yourself by checking about, people who make hydrogen and oxygen. Now we’ll just, just for a second while we’re going, give you an insight into that. The Germans run their commuter buses and everything else in Germany now, on what they call hydrogen. Now what they do is there got the hydroelectricity plant, with the water coming past, turn the generators. Now in the daytime they use a fair bit of electricity. You would say you use more at night with the lights but you don’t. Okay, with all the businesses going. Now, at night time what they do is when the generators can’t slow down, they’ve got excess power they can’t bleed off. So the Germans produce, they tell you, hydrogen and oxygen, from the water, with fliplin wastage electricity. Now they don’t class it as costing because they’ve originally, they’ve originally, paid for anything the generators, they’ve paid all their cost out and they think this is free energy. Well it is, it’s pulled out of the atmosphere if you want to look at it. 

1 

 The electricity’s coming out of – you put a generator into a vacuum, or into a pressure cell or into anywhere, you still get electricity, all right? So they believe it’s cost free. We class every drop of electricity as owing us something. Even though we pay for everything but they don’t. So, what they do is, at night time and everything else, the excess they produce, so they tell you is, hydrogen and oxygen, and they produce it. Now they can’t contain it. So what they do is they got honeycomb meshing. Right? Honeycomb meshing, in aluminium. And they tell you that they pump the hydrogen, into the honeycomb, and what it does is actually saturate the aluminium and goes into it. But there’s no gas. Right? In the aluminium there is no gas. Now, what they do with excess then is in the daytime now it’s nowhere near as powerful as petrol, when they use it, nowhere near as powerful.

 But in the daytime they take the cylinders with the honeycomb mesh, supposedly pumped with hydrogen, and everything else, and then they hook it up to their commuters. It’s not on any vehicles what anybody can use, it’s only for government use, all right? Now, what they do is on the manifold under the.. you got a carburettor, or it’s diesel with a, you know a cylinder, you know with a butterfly, they have a variable resistor. And that variable resistor then sends a current, charge, which they won’t tell you about , through to the cylinder. And that cylinder, as they open up the butterfly, sends this variable resistance. That variable resistance they tell you then then will release hydrogen out of the aluminium honeycombing on demand. And that hydrogen, doesn’t come out as a gas pressure, like when you separate hydrogen and oxygen, you supposedly have gas pressure. But out of the cylinders doesn’t come a gas pressure. They tell you that hydrogen comes back out. Now what actually goes in the motor through the butterfly by the pistons and all that going up and down is air, but then they tell you that there’s hydrogen being stored in these aluminium containers, so that hydrogen comes back out, mixes with the air and then your motor flamin’ runs but it’s nowhere near as powerful as petrol. But there’s no gas comes back out. It’s not a gas pressure that releases itself from that aluminium. So, you figure out what it is. All right. Now, that is, they’re doing the same things now with charcoal, they’ve got charcoal and they’re trying to pump these gases and things like that into cylinders. And they’re putting in somewhere up to now – it I s been on tv – ‘somewhere up to twenty times the volume, with this black charcoal powder, they can pump into a cylinder over twenty times the volume of what the actual thing. So the cylinder is full of this powder. And then they can pump this gas in. And they can put twenty times the volume into there. But it doesn’t … And it still takes it.

 And you don’t lose your powder. I don’t know what that’s called, I got it on tape here somewhere, and of course that’s a new technology today for storing gases and energies and fuels and things. But anyway. The … Yull Brown, and yourself, doing standard electrolysis. All right, with standard electrolysis, you got an anode and a cathode, I don’t know which is which, But, positive and negative. And you’re using water … Now in that water you can either put salt, as a conductor, or you can put sulphuric acid, or you can put caustic soda. Now what they normally use is battery acid, you know sulphuric acid or something like that because it apparently is a better conductor. But it pulls a phenomenal amount of flamin’ current. okay? And without anything in the water, it’s not conductive. And non-conductive also doesn’t produce any hydrogen and oxygen.

2

 Now to get the hydrogen and oxygen off, you cannot have one single hole in a container to get it out because it’ll only be one gas comes out. And they tell you there’s hydrogen or oxygen. And there’s the production of both, which is H210. Okay? one oxygen, two hydrogens, H20. All right? Now they tell you that it is in it’s original form the same form that it is in water but it’s gas formation. But the hydrogen and the oxygen, if you check back with Yule Brown and you try these experiments yourself, you can’t get the hydrogen and oxygen to mix. They won’t come off together. So to get the damn things out of a cylinder you gotta have two holes. And what comes out one hole happens to be hydrogen, and what comes out the other hole happens to be oxygen. All right?

 Now, I want to tell you about, I mentioned the guys I names, me and these two guys here, they’re both called Jack Lue. L-U-E. They’re German. Done thousands of experiments with them and everything else. And as I said before, Jack worked for Hitler in the war on the flight-imploding aeroplane. Right, now: what happened was that when I found this stuff I was doing what we’d been into, they knew about hydrogen and oxygen. And so does everybody else. And we tried to experiment with heaps and heaps and heaps of different types of minerals, and heaps of different other things. Now, by doing that, which is on tape, you’ve seen there on tape Paul Christiansen’s tape, 1995 tape, that I went through a whole lot of different stuff but you use, you use a phenomenal amount of electricity, you lose a hell of a lot of heat and you don’t get any damn gas. Right? And the gas and everything else what you do produce is not lightable. Right? See hydrogen, as we explained a minute ago, hydrogen if you want to check it and everything else in a container … If you produce hydrogen and oxygen from water, you put a match towards it, and it may go bang once, but if that match doesn’t pull out, sometimes they blow out, sometimes they don’t blow out, if you hold that flame towards that gas producer, all day long you’ll never get another bang. You either have to either shut the cell down, turn it back on again, then there’ll be a pop. Or you take the match away, bring it back again, there’ll be a pop.

 Other than that, leaving that flame and that match there, it will never pop again. I don’t care how long you leave it there it will never pop again. Right, now Les Bankey’s got a tape out which shows that exactly too, but he don’t even know it’s doing that. Right? He doesn’t even know that it’s doing that. They don’t think about that one. With.. I’ll tell you what happened with jack Lue and myself. So it’s old Jack, young Jack and myself. We put a cell together, with two holes in it, to produce hydrogen and oxygen. And we used caustic soda. Now this is not what I do. But we did this, this is probably about four years after I had the cars running. And I didn’t use electrolyte in any of my cells. On the ’93 tape which is out there, Cliff Pound Astro and all those others done in my back yard, there’s a blue bucket, and it shows Peter Stevens putting two spoonfulls of caustic soda into a bucket. But the reactions, I said when we were doing this taping, was not like mine. They brought their own stainless, they brought their own bucket, they brought their own flamin’ water and they brought their own caustic soda. But none of the actions what took place in that, on the tape, were the same as mine and I let you know that. I didn’t use electrolyte. But the reason I went ahead did that is, if you want the answer for that is, ’cause, I don’t mind if people say it’s hydrogen. I’ll go along with it. All right, that’s because you couldn’t convince them otherwise.

 And these people come saying I was producing hydrogen and oxygen, even though I can take the battery off and it still makes the car run. Even though there’s no gas production. It still makes the car run, better. Then how can it be hydrogen and oxygen production. And if you don’t put any electrolyte in the water, and you’re using plain straight water, how can you have what those people, others, are

3

 doing? Except that you might, if I can figure out this configuration of plates, which actually gives conductivity, in a different way, And if you want to look at it, the ultra-pure water that I have, the more pure the water, because if you got any water in the cell’s when it’s mine when it’s lined up, you may have seen on tape … But anything in the water, all that shit comes out. And if that shit comes out of the water, and you end up with ultra-pure water, how can it get more violent?

 It should die out. But it doesn’t. It gets more violent in gas production, but I don’t use a gas production. I don’t use electricity when I’m running a car. I don’t use, with the welders I’ll show you in a moment, you can explain to these guys if you’re talking to them, you’ll see, no lighting of the torch. No gas production. No current going in. On plain straight water, from a fire extinguisher. You don’t light it. Now, I hold this up, with government agents on the tape, I hold this up, in front of the camera, with four people there.

 I put it on my face, and in front of the camera, there is no flame. There is no heat. You’ll see this soon.

 And this’ll explain, what are we running with? What is being produced? I take that torch. put it on my hand. It doesn’t burn. Because there’s no flame. I take it down to a steel bench in my shed. And I put the torch down, the tip down, to the steel bench, and take it away and the steel bench catches alight and keeps burning like timber. You have to blow it out. You’re squinting your eyes, so would you people on the tape be squinting your eyes now. This is what you’re gunna witness in a minute. Now, I take it back and put it back on my face and my hands and I even put it on the government agents hand and face.

We take tungsten, which I won’t show you on tape and everything else, but tungsten uses over 6000 degrees heat, to melt it. Put me hand down on some tungsten, put the torch down towards it which had no flame no nothing, and cut the tungsten leading up to me hand across me fingers spread apart … doesn’t cut me fingers, doesn’t burn me fingers, cuts the tungsten in between, and it’s damn cold. And you got a hand print where you done it, across your fingers, cuts the tungsten, cold, and doesn’t hurt you, doesn’t even burn you.

 Now on top of that on the tape you will see in a minute, I take a party balloon which is rubber. And I hold the party balloon up with nothing in it. No air in it, no gas in it, no nothing in it. And I just hold it up in front of the torch. Which has no flame. Which you don’t light, which has no gas production , which doesn’t even have a hole in the end of the tip . The only thing in the end of the flamin torch happens to be a little tiny piece of aluminium.

 Now what the torch is, you know a primus torch? You get your little primus bottle, and you get a torch with it. And they’ve only got a single nozzle on them. Okay? So you turn that on with all its adapters and everything else, and it mixes … gas, you know? And it mixes up with outside air and it heats up either a soldering iron what turns on a little Bunsen burner thing what turns on your little pot, and so on like that. Or you can have a little torch. You know, a little melt torch. Which is called a primus torch, it’s got a single nozzle on it. Okay. This energy, and I’m not talking gas now, this energy will not happen, none of this will take place, if you leave the brass, copper, or flamin’ any other material tip, ’cause your normal primus torch has a brass tip, with a little pin hole in it, and you can get different sized pin holes.

If that brass valve in the end, is in there, you don’t get any energy and nothing happens. So what we had to do was unscrew that off,

4

 because it unscrews off, and then in the inside of that, where there’s no thread, we got a little piece of aluminium. And just jammed it in there. You understand? Jammed it in with no hole in it. And, then it works. Whatever’s there comes through the aluminium. Now this could be like something what they’re using on the Germans, on the buses, because they drive hydrogen into the aluminium, but then something else comes back out. All right? And you don’t get a gas pressure out. Now in this you don’t get a gas pressure out. Except what I can show you is when I finalise all this experiment, with charge water and charge water only, which has been charged, no mineral shit or anything else in it … Doesn’t have those plates in it, doesn’t have to be turned on. You take that piece of aluminium kit, in the primus torch, after there is no gas production, like I said, there’s no battery connection, there is no charge water in the vessel, but there’s no gas being produced.

 There’s no hole in the end. You don’t have a flame. I’ll finish the story. I hold the balloon up in front of the camera. Put it on my face, the torch, nothing. Put it on my hand, nothing. Bring it to the torch in front of the camera, and the balloon just burst into flames, and that burns me, you get burns into a yellow flame, disintegrates in front of your eyes. With no flame. No flame from the torch but the balloon catches alight in front of your very eyes. And burns. This energy, is having a reaction with the atomic structure. SO you would call it pre-ignition. Well that’s on a car, but you know, pre-detonation. Well, pre-atomisation, it atomises. there’s a reaction with the atoms, and they burst into flames, in front of you.

 You just watch it on tape and you figure out why. I don’t want any input. Anyway, I don’t even want to know. But anyway, so that takes place, hold the torch on your hands and face and there is nothing. Now when you take that torch and you put it down after you’ve done this stuff, light the steel, cut the tungsten, do everything else …

 My son also, on a tape, it is probably the 1993 tape, showed a brick, with aluminium, steel, all of these materials you can’t join together, without any fluxes or anything else, my son done that. He joined every single thing to every single thing else. Everything to everything. And this was done down at Ron Davis’ down at Taree, at that Mt. George, at Taree, at that stage, without a gas. Joined everything to everything without anything.

It sucked a hole through the brick. It didn’t punch a hole through the brick, and it was done cold, pierced it through. All right? Pulled it back through it. Now, this one here doesn’t have a hole in it … that one, what my son done, had a hole in the end of the torch. Okay? But no power on to anything else. And there was no flame. If you hold that torch what was done then down on a bench, a bit of timber here or anything else, you hold it down and just take it off a direct point, and turn it, angle it down sideways a bit, what come out of the torch when me son done these weldings with the brick and everything else, was water-condensing vapor. Just wiggle stuff on the bench, on the timber or bench area. But it doesn’t light anything, all right? It doesn’t light anything. This one what we’ve done here now with the aluminium in the tip, there is nothing. You can put it on the bench you can do anything you like, there is nothing coming out. The only thing you can see at the end of this very small thing for the government agents on the tape, is that when I put this torch down into charged water, you will see a few bubbles emit out of the end, of the aluminium. Only a couple of bubbles, and then it stops.

 BOB: VERY FINE BUBBLES?

 Yes.It will not come out otherwise. You can put it into plain water, you will not get any bubbling. That’s non-charged water. It only

5

 happens in plain water. Also the other thing what takes place is too is if you get an implosion in a cell, all right?, an implosion in one of your water cells, and you have a hose or anything else connected and you light it, then you get an implosion back into your container. All right? You can hold it on your tongue, the hose, torch or anything else, put it on your tongue, there is no suction. It’s had an implosion, not an explosion, an implosion. You put it on your tongue there is no sucking, no blowing. No pressure and no suction. You put it into charged water and listen to the hose. And watch the water level, and listen in the container. And you can measure the container afterwards, if you put that hose that had an implosion into charged water, it will go kchherrrr! It’ll suck water out of your vat, which is charged water, into the container what imploded. But you can put it into plain water, you can put it into air, you put it in anywhere else and you will not get a suction or a pressure, only when you put it into charged water it will suck it up the hose, and you take it out of there it will stop sucking. You put it back in, you can put it on your tongue then, nothing. Put it in the water, kkcherrr! you can hear it, and you can metre it. It sucks charged water in. I don’t know why either, but that’s all it sucks in. Only when you have an implosion.

 So, that’s with that. Youse fellows reading this can’t witness this at the moment, and I don’t possess this tape, if anybody asks. I’m just gunna show your mate here, that’s all. And he can tell you, It you believe him

 You’ve seen on the 1995 tape there with Paul Christiansen, a glass container, showing you, with the neutral plates in there, showing you that if the water level is below the plates there is no milky stuff over the sides. If you take the water level with the top of the plates, there is still no milky stuff down the side of the plates. You’ve seen that? Not good. But I’ll show you a better one here with the government agents in the same container with air, four times the distilled, ultra-pure, non-conductive, non-magnetic, de-ionised water. Which will not conduct doing the same thing only clearer. Straight away, it pulls out no shit out of the water then. With a big keg, or in the glass container, or in anything else, so, with the 1995 tape it shows Paul Christiansen bringing rain water from Brisbane, in the heaps of other tapes I’ve got all different water from anywhere you wanna bring it, and it will ultra-pure it, clean all the shit out of it, and work, straight away. It is nothing to do with my water, it has something to do with the alignment of the’plates, the insulators and having it set up right.

 Think about it. You put a video together with one component missing: is the video gunna work? No, it just seems that this simple little device seems to be a complicated little device to most people.

 BOB: WITH THE CELL, DOES IT HAVE TO HAVE A STAINLESS BASE TO IT?

 Well, pull it apart if it doesn’t. And that stainless that is in there, I found, I don’t know why it is this but I found, that it has to be 316 non-magnetic, food grade stainless. Now the thing what happens in this, is that you have non-magnetic stainless before you put any charge or water in it. When you put the water in, and you put a charge through it, the damn stainless, when the cell’s lined up properly, becomes violently magnetic. Now that is, towards north and south poles. You can put magnets on it and they will not repel from it or anything else.

You take the water out of the cell, and there is no magnetism again back in the stainless. If you put that water, which you put a charge through it, through the neutral plates, into any other container which has never been charged before, don’t put any current into it, that container will work exactly the same as your other one. The

6

water contains the magnetism, and your stainless in there will become violently magnetic. As soon as you dry it out, and I mean it has to be the last vapour of water, off the container, there is no magnetism, like before. Where if you’d just got a normal stainless steel container you put water, beer, anything else into it, milk anything, you don’t have any magnetism on it. This here produces a magnetic field. Now if you start with a material which is magnetic, It won’t work.

 It won’t work. It doesn’t do it. It is only the non-magnetic food grade 316 … I don’t know the numbers of all the rest of the other stainlesses but that’s the only one I found I can use, out of everything else.

 BOB: NOW ANYTHING THAT IS AN INCORRECT IS NO GOOD. WHAT ABOUT DRAWN TUBE? THAT’S A BETTER STUFF.

It has to be non-magnetic.

 The one with a seam in it has a field down there and if you look when you put those into water you’ll see the seam down the side will be a little bit darkish in colour. And on the exactly the same opposite side of the container, if you’re using neutral plates, you’ll find a black mark. A wide black mark from where the heat is where they 3’01 that seam, heat expands out so far past that seam. You will find it through every single plate, and on the opposite side exactly, showing you that that field has gone straight through on the other side and left a black mark down the thing. It’s not working then.

 It’s not working on the other side, it’s cut that field so you don get a continuous loop, you know, field.

 BOB: WHERE HAVE PEOPLE GONE THAT THEY DON’T WORK, AS IN ALL THESE SPIRALS, AND THE WATER GOING MILKY?

 Well, it’s not that they don’t work, because there’s thousands out there who’ve got them working. And they’re doing those things. They may not have just known how to run the car. Running the car is a difficult thing. But we’ve got people who’ve the white stuff going up and down the cells. We’ve got people who’ve got the spiralling, we’ve got people who are bringing out minerals out of the water. We’ve got people who are bringing minerals to the surface. We’ve got people who are bringing minerals to the bottom of the keg. We’ve got people who are just locking it into the kegs, and putting it on the plates.

 And that’s called electroplating. Now there’s different things in that because you see electroplating, is the same as doing this electrolysis, you have a positive and a negative. Now, the electrons in the minerals and shit and everything else, if you’re talking about chrome plating, the chromium goes from one charge in its atomic structure, through the liquids and transfers perfectly evenly on the bumper bar in the liquid.

 To get it back off, what do they do? Well what they do is, they reverse it. They take it off and they change it round. But, to get it back on together, they use a piece of lead, as a collector. And they drop it onto the end of the electrode, into the water, and they put a bumper bar in with the chromium and everything else, and the chromium breaks down off the bar, and comes back over and deposits itself clean as a whistle onto the lead. So they can re-use that chromium again perfect. Do you understand? So that is just reversing the charge.

 Now, if you have a cell which is running positive-negative, the same as electroplating, the same as an anode and a cathode, or a positive

7

 and a negative, what can happen is if you got shit in the water and your cells start to line up, because normally, shit in the water doesn’t make the water dirty, because you put caustic soda, battery acid, flamin’ salts and everything else, it doesn’t do anything.

 It pulls current, and produces hydrogen and oxygen. All right? If you put salt in the water, depends on what kind of salt, the water can turn just brown, shit, mud. And usually it comes out of the water, and it ends up as sludge. Tried that haven’t you? Good. Now, if you’ve got your plates wrong, what can happen is the same as with the bumper bar, or the lead shot. If your cell is lined up half positive and half negative, what will happen is either one side or the other, will transfer that shit to it, so that your plates will be dirty or crappy or golden-coloured-on one side and clean on the other. The clean plate is the negative plate.The dirty plate is the positive plate.

 I’m just gunna stop you here for a second.

 What I’ve brought out here to show this man is a machine, and in one direction it can give you, we’ll let’s just call it at the present moment a rectifier. Okay? For the moment … That’s not what it is, but let’s just call it a rectifier. In it’s original form, it’s a rectifier. But with what I’ve done to it, it’s not. So don’t worry.

 Now, we’ve got two leads here in my hand. We’ve got wires running out of this rectifier, which would be a positive and a negative lead to two alligator clips. Now these alligator clips aren’t stainless or anything else, they’re just chrome-plated. Highly polished, you understand? Now one of them is very shiny, and the other one is almost rusty. Now, would you like to tell me, which one is the positive, and which one is the negative?

 BOB: THE SHINY ONE SHOULD BE THE NEGATIVE ONE.
 Do you understand that?
 BOB: I KNOW WHAT YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT, YEAH, YEAH.

 Yes, the negative one is highly polished, and the other one is the positive. Now the positive, is south. South pole and Positive produces heat, and pollution. South pole and positive, in an electrolytic cell, produces oxygen. The negative produces hydrogen, and the positive produces oxygen. Oxygen, on anything, oxidises. And oxidisation is what you see in front of you is rust.

 BOB: WELL THAT’S ONLY BECAUSE IT’S DOWN TO THE BARE METAL, ISN’T IT?

 Yeah, but it ate that all off. It took the chromium off. These only did that by putting both the leads into water themselves, so that was a positive and a negative. It ate it. All right? The negative is clean and the positive is rusty.

 Now if you have a cell, when your water has got crap in the water, and some of your plates are dirty on one side and clean on the other. Then it tells you that the clean side is negative, and working as a negative, and the dirty side is positive, it’s oxidising. Because it produces oxygen and oxidises. Yes? Good.

 Now, this is complicated then, if you have a cell which is running as a positive and a negative, and both sides of the plate are dirty. Both sides of that plate are running positive.

 BOB: WHY?

8

 Well, forward and back flow. Or, both sides are just working as a positive. So you have to have a negative somewhere else. But we’ll talk about that later. We’re just describing what happens in a cell. Now, if you have a cell, which is absolutely highly polished in every plate, and shit comes out on the surface of the water …

 BOB: AHHHHH!

 Now what happens is, if we keep it to that, every bit of those plates are acting like negative, and the surface is acting positive because the oxidisation and shit is coming out together. Yes, is that really what’s taking place?

 BOB: WELL, YOU’D THINK SO.

 Okay, you think so.
In my cells with the neutral plates, I don’t have a positive or a negative side on any of those plates. Once I send the field through it once. The positive goes towards the negative, or the negative can’t go towards the positive. Anyhow electron flow, which I don’t believe in electron flows … I don’t believe electron flows, or electricity moves from here to there. Electrons spin, yes. Electron flow, no. Electricity in your light globe, it didn’t begin in Melbourne, and ended up in your light globe here. Because you have potentially the electricity at the end of each wire at any given time. It doesn’t flow through. What does take place, and I believe, is, and that’s only my views, is that you have the electron flows where you got one in the centre and two on the outside, and what takes place is that the centre one spins, and your two outside ones spin, so that instead of passing past, it just sits there, and you go left, and I go right. And if you put the two together, you got a figure eight. See this figure eight?

 The figure eight is two circles. Put two circles together, and what you have is one turning clockwise, and the other one turning anti-clockwise, and if you follow your pen – put a pen onto them, and draw – it’s endless, it’ll just go clockwise, anti-clockwise, clockwise-anticlockwise, in a figure eight.

If you do that in water with plates, what happens is you will end up with either shit fair in the middle of the, figure eight, and the outside clean, or shit on the outside of the figure eight, at each end and clean in the middle.

Victor Schauberger come up with this stuff, and I’m not doing Victor Schauberger stuff, I didn’t know about him until a year and a half, a year or two … He done it standing upright, and his spirals watered down, but he locks the crap in the middle.

 He reckons it spirals in one way, and the water’s down to a v-spout, like a funnel, and then he has the funnel turned up the other way, and it comes out. And it goes in anti-clockwise or clockwise, and it goes out the opposite. And the shit stays fair in the middle of the finest point. And he done it one way, all right?

 Now, you can put a cell together, and you have shit in the water, and you can put that shit on the plates. It can be either on one side of the plate, or on the other side of the plate, or it can be on both sides of your damn plates. Now if it’s not on your plates, it can be, if the current is travelling in the water, and your plates actually are working for rejection of any oxygen or any positive or anything else because there’s no positive or negative there now, you will have shit on top of the water, or come out of the water. Other than that you can have metal plates and everything else that will pull the

9 

 plates apart and send everything to the top of the water. It’ll eat them. It’ll eat your insulators, it’ll eat your plates, and that will come to the surface. And you turn your power off and the shit is still on the surface floating. That means that if it’s crappy stuff it’s an oxygen surface. Oxygen surface happens to be a positive surface. Positive surface tension, okay? And if the rest of the water’s clean, then it’s negative. I’m not saying that it’s that way, but this is for youse to understand at the present moment, to break it down for what we can try and understand.

 So you can understand how I do things. All right? Now you’ve seen all this taking place in some cells, and you’ve seen it taking place in my cells. Now, you, have this stuff on the surface of the water. If you discharge the surface …

 If you discharge the surface … This is how I tell whether person is either positive or negative in themselves as well. Which is on the tapes what Ian Hakon done when I was in Melbourne, which I proved to him, and I proved to other people as well, and I just told them about it. And then I proved it to them with their cells, and their water and their stuff and everything else, and we pull this shit on the surface and we put it onto a glass container. We pulled it off the surface and put it into a bottle. Which was non-charged. The stuff spiralled and went to the bottom.

It was on the surface in the keg. Charged water keg. You take it off there on put it into a non-charged vessel, it will sink. To the bottom. So that means now that your positive is on the bottom, because the oxidisation stuff went to the bottom. Yes? Good.

 Now if you take some of this crap off, and you put it into a glass container …

You had negative in the centre and positive on the outside, it comes to the surface, that’s in the beer keg with the neutral plating, it comes to the surface. I don’t care whether you reverse the charge or not, it still comes to the surface.

But, if you take it and put it into another container, If it’s Negative centre in the keg, or the neutral plating, and positive, outside, the shit will go to the bottom of that glass container. If you then just turn the leads around on your keg or charged container, with the neutral plates, and take some shit off, you don’t even have to turn the current on, but if you turn the battery on or the charger and anything else on, for a split second, and turn it back off again you still got the same shit on the surface … You don’t have to remove all that shit, jut dabble in the same shit you dabbled into there a minute ago, tip it then into that glass container which I done for Bruce and all them over there, in Adelaide, tip it into the same glass container and what will happen is, the same stuff will come to the surface, it will spiral to the surface.

Now you’ve got, in the same container, shit on the bottom and shit on the top. And clean water in the middle. Now, what’s keeping them pair apart? That means you’ve got a positive surface bottom and you’ve got a positive surface top and you got clean water in the middle. Now what I do to test a person to see if they’re positive or negative.

 In magnetism, isn’t it two evens, repel? And two opposites attract? So you get two magnets, and the twomagnets are a north and a south. And north is negative on a battery, or negative electricity. And south is positive. And they tell you that electron flow flows from negative to positive So it flows from north to south, yes?

10

 Yeah well that’s what they do. I want youse, everybody here to apply this science. It is called man science. The scientist’s own science. I don’t apply this, but I love applying it to people who are scientific. For every action, there is an opposite and equal reaction. For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction, and that is what the scientists apply to us, and they tell us by all the rules that it is what takes place. Well I love applying it to them. So let’s go into that.

 What’s the opposite and equal of left?
 BOB: RIGHT.
 what’s the opposite and equal of right?
 BOB: LEFT.
 What’s the opposite and equal of both of them?

 Good. Now if you come up with one, what’s the equal and opposite of that? And then when you come up with that, what’s the opposite and equal of that? And when you come up with everything with an opposite and equal, I want to know what the opposite and equal of all that is.

That’s called equilibrium, because you will never come up with it. Equilibrium. That makes no rights, no lefts, no ups, no downs, no norths, no souths, no easts, no wests …. And that makes that there is no positive and no negative, because positive and negative are opposites. You put a positive and a negative. The opposite and equal of positive is negative, the opposite and equal of negative is positive, what’s the opposite and equal of positive and negative? Well you were saying positive and negative, yeah well it is. But, what is the opposite and equal of that again, where it becomes equilibrium?

 That means positive and negative are not opposite and equals, they are even. And have you then got …. What’s the opposite of an uneven? AN even? Do you understand?

 See scientists apply their opposite equal effect: for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. They stop when they want to. You can’t stop. You can’t just stop. So, with my neutral plates, they do something different.

 Okay, do you understand that for a negative to flow to a positive, there has to be a reverse flow from, which you’re not using, from the positive to the negative, all at one flow.

We have two things in this. With electrical wires … I’m gunna draw some stuff on some paper for your mate here so he can explain this to you when he takes the paper and he takes this tape back to you, you’ll understand what we’re talking about, right?

Now, we have two wires. The wire we’re talking about here is negative on the top, and positive on the bottom. Now, if we put a light in between, if were to turn that light on, we need a positive and a negative. We need two opposite equals, don’t we? yes and no. Yes for a minute, no because for every action there’s an opposite and equal. Good. Two ways is, one light bulb hooked up to a positive and a negative wire turns the light bulb on.

Now the electron flow they tell you, goes from negative, through the light bulb and to the positive. Now if it’s going out the positive, it’s heading away from the light bulb. For the negative flow you have to have the positive flow in, so what happens is the positive has a

11

 flow from positive to negative, but you’re not using that. You’re not using it.

So on each wire you’ve got two flows. One is called the reverse flow.
 Now, the reverse flow on a negative, from a positive through the light bulb and back to negative, is two things. One is, it is reverse negative. But the second thing it is, it is forward positive. It is both things, because if you take an AC, and run it through, which is the same thing, an AC and DC, are the same as a positive and a negative.

 You take an AC, run it through a coil, and it comes out flipping DC on the side that you’re using it. But you can also run it through a coil, and get AC running out.

 You run it through that coil there, into that coil, and out that coil, it’ll be AC.

 BOB: STILL AC?

 Course it is. But you run it into this coil, and then into another coil, backwards …. you understand? You use the forward flow and the reverse flow out, and you end up with DC. It’s called a rectifying it.

And now if you do it the other way round, you can make DC AC. All right? So, now, if we take … To give you the idea on this … We take DC on a car, we take it down to a Tesla coil, and the DC don’t kick. That’s my idea, I don’t care where DC is direct current, my DC is also direct current, but my DC’s don’t kick. AC, is alternating current. My alternating current in my words is, able to kick. And able to kill. DC don’t kick, AC able to kick, and able to kill.

 The only way – you’re gunna disagree with me – the only way is that DC kills, is if you pulse it. And if you pulse DC which is a flat line, you send it up and down. That is AC: you stop it and start it. It’s AC.

 If you stop and start AC, it becomes DC, and that’s what a set of points does. If you drive DC into a coil, that’s a tesla coil on a car, you’ve got a primary and a secondary coil. The current flows from where? You’re gunna be confused here. Does the current flow from the positive terminal, through to the ignition, and down to the coil, and then down to your points on that side? Or does it come back through the whole body and the whole block? It runs from negative to positive. So your spark and everything else, jumps from the negative block, through the points, to the condenser. Now the negative going into the coil, goes down the primary, and comes back the secondary, or vice versa.

Do you know what they do with the positive side of the coil, which goes to the key and down to the positive terminal? Do you know what they do with that wire what comes back out of the coil without it disconnecting? They take the positive to the positive side of the coil ???

 I’m not trying to confuse you here, but to give something to look at. The Fords and the Conunodores. Commodores started first, with a V6, and they called it waste spark management. Heard of it? Waste spark management. Right, now in the compression first cylinder … In the first cylinder under compression, the compression stroke … At somewhere between three to eight degrees before dead centre, we get a spark.

12

 That is supposedly a forward spark. To make our spark jump in the cylinder and ignite our fuel and oil. Waste spark management, what they do is, that explodes in the compression number one cylinder, if it’s compression number one, we have an opposite cylinder. Complete opposite. Now in the first cylinder number one compression, we get the spark which is a forward spark, and it breaks out, bang, there’s an explosion and splits all your gases up. You know? Monoxide, dioxide, hydrogen, oxygen, you know nitrous … Everything else splits them, into pollution then. The big part about this is that every single thing what is in the chamber, after you’ve had an explosion in the number one cylinder, every single thing in there is supposed to be monoxide.

 Monoxide, is supposedly from an explosion. You need all these gases to make a bomb. To make an explosion. But in this case, they won’t explode. Take those gases and make a bomb out of them and they can go back. Bang! What’s the difference? You should be able to use them to make them go bang again but you can’t, because you’ve got the wrong charge on them.

 BOB: SO WHAT DO YOU DO? YOU REVERSE THE CURRENT ON THE SECONDARY COIL, DO YOU?

 Ah, smart, but no. Not the current.

 BOB: AH, WELL REVERSE THE POLARITY.

Ah no, frequency. What’s polarity?

 BOB: IT’S THE DIRECTION OF THE FLOW.

Is it? Polarity is polarisation. Our earth per day, has four polarity changes. But you know what? The magnetism of our earth doesn’t change. Polarity changes without changing the pulse. We’ve still got a north and south pole, we’ve still got what they tell you we had on this side of the equator and what they tell you we got on the other side of the equator, but the earth’s polarity changes four times a day.

 I’m gunna show you polarity in a minute, by describing something else, all right? Now, yes you can look at ‘it as the flow. So that means that negative now doesn’t flow forward, positive flows forward, you got it? by swapping the charge. Or do you just take negative over to another place, and run the negative back a different way?

 BOB: THAT’S POSSIBLE TOO.

 In normal light bulbs they tell you you need a positive and a negative to run the light bulb. So you hook a positive to one side and a negative to the other, and the light bulb comes on. Can you do it any other way?

 BOB: DON’T KNOW.

 Well, did you know that Christmas lights only have one wire? Did you know that the houses that they wire now, the lights only in the roof, only have one wire? They run the one wire from the negative side of your flaming switch, through your light, and back to the positive side. And it don’t go bang, but if you put a positive and a negative together you get a short out. But when you run it through a coil which is in a light bulb, where you run it through a coil in a rectifier you run it through a coil which is in anything else, it 

13

 changes it. It can change it. Also, there is an opposite and equal to that: it doesn’t have to change it. It can resist it, and it can increase it. It’s called variable resistance. You got a resistor on your car, right. What you put in, might be twelve volts but what you get out might be a bit higher because you resist it and it builds up. I’m not trying to confuse you with all these things but anyway. 

 The Christmas tree lights and everything else doesn’t have two wires to it. It has one. Now how do you get the two different currents? You got to have a positive and a negative to turn the light bulb on. But what happens is you got the forward negative coming through and you got the reverse negative, or the forward positive, returning up the flicking same line. Or it won’t turn on.

 Now we go to something not to confuse you, but to explain that. Four way lights in a house. Downstairs, you turn the light switch on, and the light comes on. You run upstairs, and you turn the light switch off. Or do you turn the light switch on? The light goes off. You utilise, forward and back flows. They don’t run all these extra wires, to turn your lights on and off.

 Do you know if you cut the positive wire, or the negative wire, you turn the light on and off. So upstairs you’ve got a forward flow and a back flow. Now on each wire you’ve got two flows, a forward and a back.

 So on one side of your switching you’ve got two flows. But on the switch you’ve got two wires, so that means you’ve got four flows. So,you cut one. You got that?

 You cut one, turns the light off.

 BOB: YEAH, YOU’D STOP THE FLOW.

 We run upstairs, and we turn the switch back over. We don’t join that cut, we don’t join that join back up again, we make the other one work. Two breakers, between the two wires. You join one wire, and you got the lights on. You run back upstairs and you flick the switch the opposite way, and you connect back up together, and you disconnect the one you just turned on. You run downstairs and you shut the one off you just turned on and you turn the other one on.

 One up one down, one down one up. And then when you get upstairs and you run back downstairs you can do it in reverse. It works backwards again. What used to turn it on now turns it off. What used to turn it off now turns it on. That’s using the backwards and forward flows.

 Without any extra wires.
 You know you can do it. You don’t use it in your AC stuff in your main power points, and everything else,but you know you can do the same thing…

 From, a single wire. Because you don’t just have, think about this, you don’t just have a forward flow negative and a back flow positive, because for every action there has to be an opposite equal. So on one wire, you now, when you figure it out, you got four closed to one wire. You got one negative forward, which now has to be a negative back. You have a positive back, which now has to have a positive forward.

14

 Those buggers there, don’t stop there. Did you know there’s not four there on that wire there? ‘Cause they’ve gotta have opposite equals. There is eight flows on one wire.

 BOB: AC AND DC?

AC and DC, whichever. But as soon as you connect another wire to it, did you know there is sixteen? The other wire’s got flaming eight on it too. Equal and opposite to the ones which you got on the negative, the positive, now you got sixteen flipping flows.

You gotta work out the atomic structure, look at the top of my glass container, on the video’s. you have a circle in the middle, you have a , circle around that, which is a neutral plate. You have a circle , ‘around that which is a neutral plate. In the glass container I put a third one. And then a positive around the outside. Now, negative in the centre, positive around the outside.

 Work it out in the atom structure now, the atom structure. The atom has nuclei spinning each ways, around and around. If you draw the atom structure on a piece of paper you’ll have a circle, a circle, a circle a circle. If you look down at the atom structure with the spinning of these electrons, these neutrons and everything else around each other and everything else, you have what you look down into in my glass container or my beer keg, or in any of my stuff. You have neutral plates and you have these circles spinning. They’re all stepped out from small to large, yes. Now, if you look at the atom, you’ll see that the very smallest one in the middle starts off at two volts.

The next one out is four, and that is the earth. The earth has four. And the number four on it. And I don’t care about volts, it has the number four on it. now, soon as you get off the earth, soon as you get to the next one out, that ends up above the earth which is now doubled, it is eight.

 And the volts on the air space above the earth, is eight. Now, and did you know that oxygen isn’t one oxygen, two hydrogen? Flaming oxygen has a weight value and a number of eight. And the earth itself, isn’t oxygen. But as soon as you hit oxygen space above the earth and in the space in earth and everything else, it is called space. Not dirt space, air space. Air, oxygen, has a number of eight.

 And, in the atomic structure, as soon as you get off there, you end up above the earth and everything else and it’s got a number eight on it. As soon as you go to the next number in the spinning electrons and everything else, you end up as sixteen which doubles. And then, that there is up in space further, and you can step it out. It works that way exactly. And then when you come to outside space where there’s no air, she jumps from sixteen to thirty-two. ??? of the earth and earth is negative. And did you know that outside the earth and is your thirty-two?

And this is how I line up my cells and everything else We’re outside the earth, if we’ve got a negative earth, it’s not just a negative earth because for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. So the earth is also negative and positive. But if we look at it in one direction we have the earth as negative, or earthing out. So we take a positive to the earth and we earth it out. That’s what you do in a house and that’s what you do anywhere else.

15

 Now, you’ve gotta have a positive. So around our planet, we’ve got earth space inside – that’s negative – and we’ve got outside of the air space and everything else we’ve got positive. Now, everything in between are neutrals.

That’s how my cell’s lined up, and they all got a voltage to them.

 Now what I do contrary to most people is I don’t leave them equals. Because in the glass container if I find a contrary water which will not bring the shit out, which is on the tape. I can increase the performance of the fast dropping the shit out of the water, making it from invisible to visible. Bring it out of the water, and also the bubbles, the milky stuff to surface from halfway, and doesn’t return. Goes to halfway and returns, and from halfway down it goes back up again, is a figure eight standing upright. It’s a figure eight standing upright.

 It comes from the surface of the water halfway down and looks like it’s returning. That’s your top half of a figure eight. But it changes. And from the other side of it goes from halfway and down and back up. What it is is a figure eight with the pencil’s coming down, it’s just going like that. Round and around and around and around, just like that. Now draw a figure eight and start in one direction. Now start off here and you might go left, across to right. Did you know there has to be an opposite and equal to that?

 You have to go from right, go left, back in a right, where you start, and there’s no end to it. The figure eight has no start and no finish. Like a circle. It’s either from the right to the left, or left to the right. And there’s two different voltages. There’s two different charges. The top is different from the bottom, the bottom is different from the top. And the middle is both top and bottom. Same as a magnet. A magnet has a figure eight flowing through it because on one end it is north, and on the other end it is south, and in the middle it’s nothing.

 But the two come in together, and they don’t short out, and they become one, and there is a nothingness there. There’s only a nothingness there because you can’t read positive and negative, because you’ve only got meters to read opposite equals, you haven’t got meter to read equals … 

 Um, we do not see what current, or anything moving in our plates. ‘Cause you can’t see electricity. And the electricity is flowing, what we call, through the metal plates.

 BOB: SO IT’S ONLY OUR IMAGINATION LOOKING AT IT IN THE PLATES …

 Yeah, yeah, and it’s also passing through the water. Well we can’t see it in the water either. Stick your finger in there with AC, you will definitely know it’s there. Right? It will kick you. DC don’t do a damn thing, ’cause DC don’t kick.
 DC is direct current. Are you getting confused there?

 BOB: WILL THAT BE AFFECTED BY BUILDING THE AMPS UP?

 No, you can build the amps up as much as you like, and as long as that DC is still direct flowing, you can’t get kicked. The only way to get kicked is interrupt it, or turn it off, and it’ll give a spike, it’ll jump up and down. That is AC?

16

 Yes? Thank you. SO if you interrupt it, turn it off and on, AC – it’s not direct anymore. Yes? Now, the only thing we can see in the glass container is this milky stuff, flowing from the surface, the water is above and level. We only see it … From the surface it looks like it is going to half way and returning. And there is something from half way going down which is different and going back up.

 I’ll make that clear as a bell to you on that other tape, where it’s not so clear on that other tape, but it is happening on that other tape, where you’ve been told about it and you can nearly… What the guy did on that tape, Paul Christiansen, he did it pretty bad.

 It’s messed up every where. He thought he had the camera on when it was off, and that he had the camera off when it was on. So that’s why that is a stuff up. Maybe God planned it . So that’s okay, I thank God.

 Now, in the glass container, you can see, that it looks like if you draw it out, something from the surface to halfway, and back again. So draw a little circle in that, and then from half way down again, you’ve got a figure eight.

 If you put your pen on that, and you continue without stopping, you will come around, down and up, and back up the other way. And that is happening all the way around the glass container. Now that’s not logical anyway. Because if it happens on the right side, and you say that the bubbles started at the surface and they went east, down ‘ then to the west to make the figure eight, and then around the bottom, and then east again, and then back up the side to make a figure eight, you’ll have to have an opposite equal.

 So on the other side of the glass container it has to go west, east through the centre, west under the bottom, east through the centre, and back west again on the top to make a figure eight. That Is clear isn’t it? See: east, through the middle is west, down the side down to the bottom, underneath east, back up the side through the middle, and back around. Now the opposite and equal has to be on the other side. Has to have an opposite and equal, doesn’t it?

 Yes, because there is an east side of the glass, there is a west side of the glass, there’s a north side to the glass bottle, there’s a south side to the glass bottle. And if something turns, and the all sides to it, it has to go a different way on the other side. The funny thing about it is, it don’t.

The other thing what takes place when your cell is lined up too, is each one of those neutral plates, does not ??? … ??? … Negative, but you can draw off it. Because the positive and negative are … ??? … Positive on one side of the ‘plate, and negative on the other.

 I’ll tell you what electrolysis does. If you put a plate in between the positive and the negative, you will get negative on one side, compared to the positive side. I’ll draw that out for you and explain it. We have negative in the centre, and it flows out towards the positive on the outside.

 We put a neutral plate in between, or a plate in between. The plate: negative heads out towards the positive, so for it to be attracted and go through that plate, that side of the plate has to be positive. Then that side of the plate’s positive, then opposite equal happens to be the negative on the other side. So that then, that goes out to

17

 the positive, because the positive has positive, so looking back at that plate back there, that’s negative on that side.

 Yes. If you’re looking at that, what that means in hydrogen production, the negative produces hydrogen. And the positive produces oxygen. So that it means that the negative centre plate produces a hydrogen, and the side of that plate facing the positive would be the only other one producing.

 Because in electrolysis, you only see the hydrogen being split. Because the oxygen only sticks on the side walls. ??? … sticks on the side wall. The bubbles are bigger, and clearer, where the hydrogen is milkier and smaller. ?? … there’s an opposite and equal.??? … always has to be that way. Now, if you look in my containers, we do not have one side that’s not working. All sides of all plates work. Except the positive on the other side because the other side is in air space. But in the glass container where I’ve got a third neutral in the middle, I put the negative in there, and the positive in the centre, and the position the outside, and. it shows you it works on both sides, of a plates.

All plates don’t get any dirt, the shitty stuff in the water, comes out of the water and goes to the surface. So that means that if it’s a positive side of a plate, which attracts minerals, one side of those plates should be dirty. And one should be clean to give you a positive and a negative. But it doesn’t take place that way because all my plates are highly polished. Both sides.

 BOB: WHY?

Cones, plates, tubes, discs, anything that you want, have all been highly polished. And if other people do it they either get all their plate filthy dirty, or half their plates filthy dirty and half of them are clean.

 BOB: WHAT DO YOU PUT THAT DOWN TO?

 Well their cell’s not working as a complete neutral … You know, complete equilibrium. Which isn’t positive or negative.

 BOB: HOW DO YOU GET THAT EQUILIBRIUM?

 Ah, well, you gotta get the right insulator so that the right insulator doesn’t short from negative to positive.

 BOB: WHAT DO YOU CALL AN INSULATOR FOR EQUILIBRIUM? THE RIGHT POWER SUPPLY (added by me)

 Well there is none. Because there is no insulator that you know of, for AC or DC which is an insulator for equilibrium. Because – you understand this? – For every action there’s an opposite and equal, so if you’ve got a… See, the funny part is, when you’re using AC, they use a grey insulator around the outside. They use a grey cord stuff. You know what the grey is in the cord for colouring? Iron. Iron. It’s iron, the colour. Do you know what a garden hose has got in it, you know, you can use it in an insulator for AC or DC too if you slip it over a wire? That green, and the colour in the thing is, iron-based. Now iron is attractive to AC and DC, so iron shorts them out.

 But you see the only difference is in that, when they made it and everything else, they made the electrons of the iron flow in an opposite direction, a different direction from the direction of the

18

 flipping electron so-called flow of the AC and DC. Now that is also the forward and the back flow, they turn it a different way.

 Or, do they make it flow the same way? So it doesn’t short out. See it’s either opposite, or the same one. You see? Now, and then that doesn’t short out. But if you have all the voltages, now that is, all the frequencies and all the voltages from AC and DC for your forward flows, back flows, and everyone in between you have something which is not a ??? anything.

You have something which is not opposite. So, or is it all opposite? You see, a normal insulator, is full of iron. You can check it. …AC or DC. And that is single flows, positive and negative. Okay? And they have insulated these things which go for that.

 Now, when you have something which is equilibrium, there is no positive or negative charge. And the way they lined up the insulator was aiming the electrons or the iron, in a certain way so it wouldn’t react to a positive or a negative.

 ??? … you gotta find another one. Well, most people don’t look at this on a compass, but did you know they’ve got a north, a south, an east and a west on a compass? And the magnetic field, they have a south piece of magnet, sticking where it points to north, because opposite equals attract. Okay, so the north end is pointing south, and the south end is pointing north. So when you’re looking at north, you’re really looking at south.

 They do write on there an east and a west, but usually that needle doesn’t point at east or west, does it? I’m gunna stop.

 You know the other thing they don’t even apply into a compass? Up and down. Up and down.

 BOB: A SIMPLE PLANE, ISN’T IT?

 I’ll show you a compass pointing north, and I’ll show you a compass pointing south. I’ll show you a compass pointing east, I’ll show you a compass pointing west. I’ll show you a compass pointing up and flipping down. And I’ll show you it happening off flipping water. And that water will not hold any mineral, any sewerage, any dirt, anything else in it.

 And there is no filtration. ??? … nothing, it has no charge connected it. First of all, you tell me what charges.

 BOB: WELL, RUNNING A CURRENT THROUGH IT.

 A current, okay, where’s the current come from? All right, well we got battery current, which is DC, and we got transformers, or we got AC current, and everything else. But where’s our normal current come from? Magnets.

 Okay, good. What we’re doing in our cells, with our stainless which is non-magnetic. Making it magnetic. What are they doing to our non-magnetic water? Making it magnetic. Or is water magnetic, and we turn it non-magnetic?

 Well these are things to look at, I’m not trying to confuse you but, these are questions what people never ever ask, and never ever look at, and this is what takes place well, the funny thing about water is, if you’ve got water moving, and you hold a compass, and you start walking with a compass, do you know the compass changes as soon as it goes near the water?

19

 And it turns to the direction of the way the flaming water’s flowing. You cross a stream or a pipeline, running under a building with a compass and everything else and the compass don’t point north and you flick him more and the compass points towards where the water is.

 BOB: SO THAT’S LIKE DOWSING…

 Well it is dowsing. That means that the water has to be creating a charge. Which is then creating electromagnetic field, or it is just creating a magnetic field. Because the magnet is not creating the electromagnetic field it’s… ??? … the water is going to either one of them. Either one.

 Now, this man here only wants to see my water working. Okay? Well, if I made a car work, does anybody understand it when it goes wrong? How can they reproduce it if they don’t know how to make it? 

 BOB: GOOD POINT.

 So if I give it to you, and somebody else stuffs it up, or something else stuffs it up, or you play with it, or you do something else, which has happened with Ron Davis and thousands of others apparently…. Um, what are you going to do?

 BOB: START AGAIN FROM SCRATCH.

 But you don’t know how to start, or else, or else you wouldn’t be here. You can’t produce, continuously, that effect. What went wrong? Say the positive went negative. What are you going to do about it? Because Joe ain’t gunna be here all the time to do it.

 Now I’ll start again. Down south, I went out to Barry Hilton and Ian Hakon. And Russel Avery was there. And don’t go back to them on this. Now, when I went down there to them, they had a cell which wasn’t working, and which wasn’t doing anything. So I hooked up … I didn’t change the cell, but I found the frequency that was needed without altering the cell. Howls that?

 BOB: HOW DID YOU FIND THAT FREQUENCY?

 Ah, now, I can’t tell you. Because I really don’t know, I just know. It’s a knowing, it’s not a doing, it’s not a telling, it’s not an explaining thing, it is, that I know it. Do you know what I mean? It’s not hiding from you. Because if it were here now with the cell in front of me, I still can’t show it. I can just walk up and tell you what it is, and then I can make it be that. It’ll be what I tell you. Before I even know what it is. That’s the difference, that’s how I work. I work with a Knowingness. All right? Now, I went down there, so they had the beer keg. Now, we put water into it, and I turned it on and I brought this shit out of the water. So it didn’t go to positive plate, it didn’t go to negative plate, and it didn’t stay in the water, it come out of the water and went to the surface.

 You got that? Now, that was with negative to the centre, with positive to the outside. I took it with a glass container, which is non-charged. I scooped it off the surface, and I tipped it into another bottle, which is on tape, you can see. I’ll show you here, and then you can get the tape off them, you can see it.

 Good, you got it. Now, the minerals when negative was in the centre and positive was in the outside, they went to the bottom of the non-charged container. I then went to the beer keg again and then I

20

just swapped the leads over. You don’t have to turn the current off .. You just swap the leads.

 But you can turn the current on if you like. You got the same minerals still on the surface, you don’t soak them off. And they don’t sink to the bottom by turning the leads. They still stay there, and more come up and join them, with the opposite charge, and what you call opposite polarity, which isn’t opposite polarity.

 Anyway, so I then took the same glass container I scooped the last lot out with, took them off the surface, tipped them into the same glass container with the minerals on the bottom – the same minerals again…. And they poured it in, and they just rose straight to the surface. The one stayed on the bottom, and the one stayed on the top.

They’re the same minerals, but they’re in two different places. Now, I told them down there, that to find out a positive and a negative person, which I can do. Before I did this. If we put our finger into the minerals what are on the surface of the container, they’re all stuck on the surface, this is not with charge on, but it does it with charge on too.

 Turn everything off, you’ve got the minerals sitting on the surface, so don’t think. If you are a positive person, now that’s not positive charge, because positive charge is south pole, oxygen, and so on, and oxidisation. Now, just a positive person with an energy field in their body. If they put their finger, which happens to me, into those minerals, the minerals will disperse away from their finger, clear the top of the cell, and then all those minerals will just block and fall, through the water to the bottom.

 And when they’re on the bottom, they join with the ones on the bottom, they’re identical to the ones on the bottom, and you can’t get them back up again without turning the power back on… You know, putting it back into a cell and turning the power on, and all of them come back up, not separate, all of them come back to the surface.

 Because they’re back to the same again. Now, I put my finger in the water and they disperse and I showed them that because I said I’m positive. I told Barry Hilton that he was negative, and on the videotape, Ian was taping … Barry put his finger into the water and I said, if you’re negative, they’ll attract to your finger and if you’re real negative, they’ll climb your stinking hand. And if you look at the tape real carefully what happened was those minerals went to Barry Hilton’s finger, and they climbed up his damn hand and if you look at his wrist, with his finger in the water you’ll see the water dropped straight off his damn wrist.

 It drops off his wrist, he is that negative. And I proved that to them. And that then doesn’t drop the minerals from the surface. They stay there. But a positive person can discharge the surface by putting their finger into it, and she just goes away, and it falls to the bottom and you got crystal clean water on the top.

 Now the other way is, all the shit in the keg, comes up to the surface so all the water underneath is crystal clean. No dirt on the bottom and none in the middle. It’s all on the surface and none on the plates. It’s all on the top.

 Now, if I want to clean the water, it doesn’t go back on the plates. I put me finger back on the top, it disperses and discharges, which is changing the polarity. Not the voltage. The same potential equilibrium, is in those minerals. The same. I don’t change that. I change something else. I change the frequency what holds them on the top, and they fall straight through the water, straight past the

21

 plate, they don’t land in anything and they fall down to where the other one is on the bottom.

 And I have clean water on the top. You got that? Now, the only other time that that ever takes place of its own accord, without my finger, or another positive person’s finger, which I can make positive … A negative person I can make positive within seconds.

 BOB: HOW DO YOU DO THAT THEN?

 Well let me tell you this one, you got too many questions at once. We all want answers to everything, but you gotta get it in perspective. Now, if you wait till between two and three o’clock in the morning, those ones what are on the surface, just go BINK!, and fall, the same as my finger does, and they’ll fall straight through and onto the bottom. Because my finger has the same charge as two to three o’clock ???? polarity.

 And the other three through the rest of the day don’t disperse the surface. Got that? Good. Probably not, but that’ll do. So, that shows I can tell a person’s positive or negative by that. Okay, now there’s another way. I’ve just built a machine here, right. It Is just sitting on the table here. You just look at the leads coming off it. And you pick that one that’s highly polished, and we said that’s negative, and the other one we said was, dirty and that’s positive Okay? This machine I built, isn’t connected that way. I didn’t connect it that way. What I’ve done in here, to start with… What this should be, is a AC to DC rectifier. But what I have done with it, but which you can’t do, and the electricians and the top collars, even Telecom, who have been here, who know about AC to DC with their rectifiers and everything else, said I can’t do what I’ve just done.

I have taken the negative, from coming in on the AC lead… I’ve taken it straight around and connected it directly to the stinking positive wire. And that should be a hundred per cent dead short. And what I’ve done is, these rectifiers and everything else, and all of your AC connections and everything else, what you have, they run off the positive, they run the positive through all your coils and everything else and run it out.

 To give you, you know AC to DC. But they can’t break it back the same. You still got a overwave you fill it. You never get back to direct DC. I got back to a hundred per cent DC, plus, I can prove to you that I still leave AC there.

 I can show you that I still have AC at the end of these leads, then I still have DC at the end of these leads. I’ve got AC and DC, as singles, and I’ve also got equilibrium. But there’s neither AC or DC at the end of these leads, all at the same time and I can prove it to you with your body.

 Now what I have done is I have taken the negative, and directed it straight back around, the negative on this one is blue, and I’ve taken it into that fuse, and I’ve hooked negative to negative. Don’t try and work it out. And then I’ve taken negative all the way through every single thing else, and I’ve bought it back through, and I’ve taken it out as a negative.

 You won’t figure it out because neither can the Telecom guys.

 BOB: I AM NOT AN ELECTRICIAN.

 Neither am I.

 BOB: DID YOU MAKE THIS?

22

 No, most of all this comes as a unit. Except the way you hook it up. So does an electrolysis cell, so does a hydrogen/oxygen cell. But I built it all different. Not that I knew about hydrogen and oxygen. But I don’t do it standard-wise. And the current through my cells don’t come standard, It doesn’t go standard, It doesn’t do what it’s supposed to do.

 See, in a standard anode/cathode, or positive/negative cell, right? Electrolysis … Anywhere on the negative lead you can take off negative. On the plate. Even underwater. Anywhere on the positive you can take off positive. With mine, as soon as you hook up neutral plates and drive the negative to the positive, the positive to the negative and crisscross them and make them equilibrium, did you know that anywhere in that water, that negative plate, there’s no negative there anymore.

You can’t draw negative back off, and if you can you haven’t got your cell properly lined up. And if you can draw positive off anywhere around the outside of your container, your keg or anything else, you ain’t got your cell lined up. Because you can’t get positive off there.

 BOB: HOW DO YOU LINE THE CELL UP?

 And that’s why we get from no magnetism, to magnetism. And that’s why we can put a north and a south, and all the magnets, stick on. Even when they should repel each other they damn well stick on to the stainless which is non-magnetic. Until you get rid of rubbish in the water. And then none of them stick.

 BOB: SO WHAT IS THIS UNIT REALLY FOR?

 Well, it’s just a rectifier. What it does is it breaks it down to seventy-five volts, fifty hertz. And, DC. Right? AC and DC comes out of there. Right, these ones on this side here. Seventy-five VAC, fifty hertz. Hertz is ouch, ouch is AC. Right? DC, don’t kick, don’t hurt, so it’s not hertz. DC don’t have any hertz. And I know it’s a man’s name, Hertz who invented it, right? And Volts, and Amps, are all people’s names. God was even that smart that he used the right kind of names for the right kind of people to do the right kind of things.

 Funny isn’t it? Now, this thing here. If I turn this plug into the power point and everything else, this thing will do one of two things. To start with. One is, if you’re negative, it’s gunna bite the shit out of you. If you’re positive, you won’t feel a damn thing. And I’m positive, I’m gunna hang onto it first to prove to you it won’t bite me.

 BOB: BUT IT’S GUNNA KILL THE REST OF US.

 That’s right.

 BOB: THANKS.

 Then the next thing is , if it doesn’t bite you, which I believe it won’t bite you, I’m gunna show you that on your body and everything else that the same wires that won’t bite without doing a damn thing, I’ll show it that it will bite you.

But I’ll show it biting you but it won’t hurt you or kill you. And it should.

 BOB: WHAT ABOUT YOUR CELL, IT WON’T BITE YOU FULL STOP?

23

 No, well you see I’m a funny one. I go out there with spark plug leads on the car. Right, you know what happens to me? Nothing. All my veins turn into flesh and volts. They light up all the way through my body, and I don’t get kicked.

 BOB: I’LL GET THE KICK THEN. I DON’T LIKE SPARK PLUGS.

 You don’t? That’s interesting, they don’t kick me. I have fun with them, but if I hang onto one and then touch you, you’ll be kicked.

 BOB: YEAR, WELL THAT’S ALWAYS THE WAY.

 But I won’t. Anyway, so … Would you like to see this happening so that I can prove to you that the ACs and the DCs are non kicks, and they don’t kicks, and the lining…. So you can turn the tape off if you like because nothing’s going to happen for a moment.

 This machine here is going. That was a pretty good kick right?
 DC?
 What’s the difference? Well, okay, I’m hanging onto this lead, which is the shiny one. And I got that in my right hand. And I’m hanging on to this one, the rusty one, in my left hand. And I don’t feel anything.

 BOB: WHAT IS THE CURRENT FLOW AT PRESENT?

 Who cares? I’m gunna swap hands. I tell you something too that we all have in the right palm of our hands, we have south pole. Positive. We have north pole negative on our right backside of our hand. We have north pole negative on the inside of our left hand, and we have south pole positive on the backside of our left hand. Do you understand?

 So in between on our right hands, our right hand has south pole positive Left hand has north pole negative. I’ve just swapped these leads and neither of them bit me. First of all, this is the only way you can do it to start with. You can do it many ways but this is the only safe way. In your right hand you will take this shiny one, which is negative. So we’re taking the negative into our positive. ???? … and positive will be on the inside of our right hand. Take that. Okay please, in your fingers. Right? Okay good.

 Now, I’m gunna hang onto you. I’m hanging onto you. I’m hanging onto the positive one in my left hand and I’m, gunna take his left hand with my right hand. Do you feel any bite now?

 BOB: NO.

 Do you feel anything? Uncross your legs. Your cutting the field.

 You do feel something because you know what’s happening? It is flowing. Everything what’s coming out of that machine is going in that right hand of yours, through your whole body, into my flamin’ right hand, without your left and into my right, and then out here.

 BOB: IT TINGLES.

 I can feel it because I know it. I can tell what’s happening to you. Cause now, I know every single thing about you.

 BOB:.DO YOU REALLY, LIKE WHAT?

24

 Doesn’t matter. Now, I’m letting his hand go, and he’s now gunna take this one, the positive one, in his left hand. Internally. And you’re gunna tell us what’s gunna happen.

 BOB: AM I GUNNA GET A BIG CRACKLE OUT OF THIS?

 I’m not telling you. You’re gunna tell us what’s gunna happen to you. Just do it. Didn’t bite you, did it?

 BOB: NO, NOTHING.

 You know why? Because you’re a positive person. If you hang onto that for a minute, something will happen because you’re not a hundred per cent positive. You feel anything yet?

 BOB: NOTHING YET.

 And I’m not touching these or anything else at the present moment, but what I want you to do is I want you to take the positive on which is in your left hand, and I want you to touch the lobe on your left ear at the bottom. Just take it up and touch it.

 BOB: MY LEFT ONE?

 Just do as you’re told. ??? … just put it on.

 BOB: RIGHT OH.

 Because if we strike at it, we make an AC. You didn’t? No, good. Now, touch the top of your ear. Anything? Touch your chin. Nothing? Touch the end of your nose. Take these glasses off for a minute. All right? Now, I want you to touch just underneath your eye on your … Anything?

 BOB: NOTHING.

 Good.

 BOB: WELL, IT’S STARTING TO BUILD UP NOW.

 Good, take it off. You got terrible eyesight.

 BOB: THANKS A LOT.

 Right, you want me to fix your eyesight up?

 BOB: WELL, HOW?

 Well, I can do it, but I won’t do instantly. Now what I want you to do is do the same thing on the opposite side of your body with the negative. Anything?

 BOB: YEAH, YEAH, THERE’S A LITTLE BUILD UP THERE.

 Now the top of your ear. ?????

 BOB: IT HAS STARTED.

 Good, you said you moved it off and on. You can’t do that. See, you took it off again. Put it back on again. You change it. Now, I want you to take that one, the negative, which is in your right hand, and I want you to touch there right under your cheek on that one, just on and off. You should get a white light flash in your eyes. Did you get a white light flashing in your eyes?

 BOB: WELL, I’M STILL IN THE DARK, I DON’T KNOW IF IT WAS A WHITE, I DID SEE A STREAK OF LIGHT …

25

 Move on to this other side’s eye. Put it on your cheek. Doing that and everything else is operating your optic nerve on your brain. Touch yourself anywhere else on your body and it’s not gunna bite you. What we’re getting is the bite. A tingle and a bite is AC. Yes? You’re hanging onto those leads now and it’s not biting you is it?

 BOB: NOTHING.

So that means that in your hands, there’s nothing biting. I’ll take this one, I’ll take the positive one out of here and we’ll just ????. Does that bite? Good, so it does the inside hand. Does that bite? Good. Touch you over here, does that bite? Good. Touch there, does that bite? No, it doesn’t. These things don’t kick. Here? You getting anything? No. WE go ??? You get anything? No. We go there. Do we get anything? A little flash under the eyes. No? That one there, in the middle of your eyes, up above your head. Yeah good. That then goes straight through to the main brain. In the subconscious mind, and then comes back out your eyes.

 Right? Give me this one. Anything? Good. Right?

 BOB: A TINGLE, YEAH, STARTING TO BITE NOW.

 You see, this one didn’t. SO, the negative lead, which is the shiny one bites you on the back side of your right hand. You know why? Because this is negative, and the back side of your right hand is negative.
 Only the inside is positive. Negative is biting is it?

 BOB: YEAH.
 Good.

 BOB: YEAH, THAT’S BURNING. NOW YOU’RE GUNNA SINGE ME ON THE NOSE NOW. OOH DEAR. OUCH.
 Did you see a white light?

 BOB: I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING. YEAH, IT WAS A BITE.

 Take that one. ??? …
 The positive now, we touch you on the nose. Stop squinting. It didn’t do anything. Let me touch the left one on the nose. And it cracks.

 BOB: YEAH, YEAH.

 ? ? ? … on each finger. If you change between your next finger down and everything else, it won’t bite you on the flaming nose. We go down further it will bite you on the toe. We go down further, on the little finger and everything else it will bite you on the chin. If we change onto this hand and work our way across the fingers it will bite you on the arm, it will bite you on the wrist …. Instead of biting you on the bottom of the ear lobe it will bite you on the top.

The difference between the bottom of your ear and the top of your ear is two different voltages. Two different frequencies. That’s why the bottom of one ear bites, and the top doesn’t. Now if your run through a process … If you work your way from bottom to top, and then come across here to bottom and top, this one will not bite you on the bottom, but it will bite you on the top.

 And that is the frequency. I can go around your knee cap in four positions in one circle, and bring it back the other way, only one of

26

 them will bite you. I come back the other way, it will remove that bite and put it on a different place. You go back the other way it will put it on a different place. You’ll have to go through four fields, before you’ll come back to where we started from_

Start thinking about a cell now. You get a cell out of alignment, you run through a process, you turn the power on and off and on and off, you’ve changed four different flipping gases, you’ve now changed four different voltages, four different frequencies, four different polarities and you aren’t back where you first started.

There happens to be an alignment that you run through, to come back to start again. So you go sort of like a compass. You go east, south, west, north, east, and if you keep going that way you end up the same way, you see. East is one voltage, and south is positive, and north is negative, west is something else …

North is negative, south is positive. North is hydrogen production, and south is oxygen production. Because south is the positive terminal on your battery, and north is your negative terminal on your battery, and north is negative, and south is positive, and there’s something there, yes?

 CRACK.

 ?? Pretty big crack there, and I can change that crack to an AC understand, can’t I? I can touch you different parts of your body and everything else and make that be AC, and now at the present moment it’s DC. But in a second I can go to your feet and come back again, which I’m not gunna do, ’cause you don’t like getting bitten, and now your hands will get bitten because your feet are DC, and your hands will be AC.

 That’s all right, pull the plug. All right.

 BOB: NOW THE CELL, YOU’VE GOT TO SORT OUT ALL THIS FIRST.

 Well in this machine here what I’ve done is, I can give you either two hundred and forty volts AC, right? Or I can give you two hundred and forty volts DC, and the same whatever he can give you. And one will kick you and one won’t. But the other thing is, I can change the field on you, I can change your body’s polarity by running across different points on your body, and I can remove the AC from hurting you.

 Which is, for every action there’s an opposite and equal. You see. I can take away, AC from biting you, and I can make AC not bite and DC not bite. ??? still use water, to heal it. I don’t do it myself much, right? I’m not into the healing process. I’ve had heaps ??? and from a battery, and also from these. From this here, what you have in your hands now, we’ve had person who’s been totally cannot see, out of one eye, is now clear. Seeing in two minutes.

 BOB: GEE WHIZ, IT’S NOT BAD IS IT?

 Also, as soon as your charge builds up in that, you’re hanging onto them, you feed in that machine and back out again, and it’ll still do the same thing to you. With no power connected into this machine. If I charge you up, to what this machine is doing …

Say there’s a water cell. If I charge you up to a water cell, you’ll either not affect the water cell, if you normally did, right? Some people walk in and they discharge the water cell and the energy. They also discharge a gas if you produce a gas. You can be lighting the

27

 gas and it’ll go bang, bang, bang, somebody walks in, or the door opens and nothing. Because they’re negative in their body. And all you gotta do is, you take them over to a battery, and you crisscross their hands in front of them onto a battery and hang onto there for a minute, or else you put their hands in the water a certain way and everything else, and then your cell is working again. People affect the cell. We had a young fellow which Anthony knows here. It’s my son’s girlfriend’s brother. Very sick person all the time, he used to be.

 We had the little escort, which is running on the videos, sitting where my scorpion is out here on the front lawn where you are now, we had it idling at sixteen thousand revs with no sound, no acceleration yet, and you could accelerate from there, and he walked up … We tried to figure out why this car was running at that. He walked up, couldn’t kill the car. While my son was leaning on it, I was leaning on it, we’re both positive, we couldn’t kill it.

He was sick, he walked up, he leant on the mudguard, and the car just went BUHHHHHHHHHHHH! And died out. I said get your hand off the mud guard, and the car just went straight back up to sixteen thousand revs.

 BOB: SIXTEEN HUNDRED.

Thousand!

 BOB: THOUSAND! IT WASN’T MAKING ANY NOISE.

 No, well you see we don’t explode these motors.

 BOB: BUT YOU NORMALLY WOULD RUNNING ON PETROL.

 Sure, but see the cell wasn’t working a hundred per cent. Because when it works a hundred per cent and everything else, when it is working’ …. Right? But you see when I first started off, on petrol you get an explosion in the cylinder. If you take away the petrol, the petrol and air in there is supposed to explode with a spark.

 Understand? That’s why your timing is set somewhere near to top dead-centre. What happens at eighty degrees advance????? ? There you go, anyway. Now, when we first started off, on the video on the escort, you might have to change that timing and go three or four times, because the whole energy hasn’t totally engrossed the whole body and the whole car, and the motor and the people in it and everything else.

So there’s a variance of implosion/explosion. You see this in your gases. Where in some of your gases, you’ve got, once I blow a match out, it don’t light at all. You’ve got some that go flaming bang!, and don’t put the match out. You’ve got some what just suck the match out with no noise. You’ve got some what suck the match out, it has a flame, it has a bang. You’ve got some what just go bang and don’t hurt your ear-drums, and you’ve got some what implode with no flaming flame at all, and hurt your ear drums, yes?

 BOB: BEEN THERE, DONE THAT.

 Good, all those different frequencies, different kinds of things are doing different kinds of things. What about a hydrogen explosion, that goes bang, and doesn’t hurt your ears? See, the sound in the exhaust, is explosion, and it thumps against our ear drums with pressure. And when we explode hydrogen and oxygen in the bubble, and it doesn’t hurt our ears …. Our ears, ear drums were made for thumping pressure against it.

28

 The reason your ears hurt when you get an implosion is that your ears were never made for a suck, they were made for a blow. And a big phenomenal blow they can handle, not much of a suck. So the implosion sucks your ear drums against it, and it hurts your whole nervous system right through your whole head. That’s why you can’t hear. Yes, ringing in your ears and you can’t damn well hear anything for ages with an implosion, but with an explosion, doesn’t do anything.

But you can have implosion and explosion at the same damn time.

 BOB: SO YOU RECKON THAT MOTOR WAS SPINNING AT SIXTEEN THOUSAND REVS?

We jumped the needle. The numbers go to seven thousand, the needle stops at eight thousand, even though there’s not an eight on there, and then you work your way right up the other side, and we put marks on it. How come the needle, didn’t stop at the bottom and went right up the other damn side? And you can accelerate, we had it idling here at sixteen thousand revs, you can accelerate from there. We also know the opposite equal of that is, on the video tape, it also shows you the tacho going right down to zero.

 And we didn’t get it on tape but Paul Christiansen should of, we had the camera turned off. It showed the escort motor idling on zero, and the crank just turning around, about as slow as your second hand on your clock. It was turning around about that speed and the motor was still going and if you touched the accelerator with your foot, which he didn’t get on the tape because he had the camera turned off, it went well past ten thousand and one, just hit on and off.

 And sent the tacho way past the other end and back again to zero. And you saw on the tape that with the petrol and this energy in there, they fight each other. Nobody was near or was in that car, and nobody was in it, and the tacho would sit down one minute and then bounce up and then back up again. And it was all over the place.

 ‘Cause those two energies don’t like each other.

 BOB: WHAT IF YOU START WITH A NEW, OR RECONDITIONED MOTOR?

 Don’t know, it depends on your cell. You see, it depends on how you got your cell, how your car’s wired up, whether you’ve got one in your car or not. Because we just had a fellow up the road up here, he never even spoke to me, some old guy who saw me in ninety-two, told him about putting a cell together. He had a old six cylinder falcon motor sitting out on the ground. He got a glass container, with a couple of plates sitting in it, put a twelve volt battery onto it, with plain straight water in it, he hooked it up to the flaming manifold, and the stinking thing would run all day long. One thing you can’t do, is you can’t accelerate. If you accelerate, it cuts out. But you could just restart again and it’ll just sit there and idle all day long.

We’ve witnessed it. And it’s no petrol input, it’s a motor sitting out with no wiring, no nothing on it. Nothing.

 BOB: WHAT DO YOU PUT IT DOWN TO? IT WORKS.

 Well, he had the cell right. And he had everything else, the motor’s frequency, the water cell, the water, the plates and everything else lined up for it perfect. You see that cell there, if you take that cell and you put it into a car which is wired up through all these different relays and frequency changes and everything else, all through the rest of the car …. That cell might not work. But that car did because the cell in it.. But it takes a while. Like the escort, when we first put the cell in the escort, even after I had thirteen other vehicles running, we didn’t think that that cell,

29

 which you seen on the tape there, was gunna kick in. And it says on the tape, it took a day and a half to kick in.

 Now what my son and his mate Anthony knows here, what happened was they left this house here, and my son was taking his girlfriend back up the hill to her place. And the cell hadn’t kicked in, all it had done is give the car more power. Now what it showed on the tape too, that the petrol gauges used to stuff up. Because we didn’t know what was wrong at first.

 The petrol … We went through five petrol gauges, because the stinking petrol gauges were giving out all those places, because we didn’t understand the petrol gauges don’t work off positive sparks. You know they don’t work off sending spark current into the tank or you’d blow up.

 Right, they work sort of like an ohms reading, you know, a back field, so there’s no spark on that variable resistor which is your fuel gauge, so there’s no spark. Okay, and the body of the car was picking up charge, and it was sending back up the wires, and it was stuffing up the flaming gauges. Which was changing the frequency in the block. And the car. And then the gauges were working off that frequency of the car, but the car’s frequency ???? in the stinking centres then. You see? Anyway, we didn’t know how much petrol we had left in the tank. And we were still running on petrol because at that stage you weren’t able to turn the petrol clean off.

 This is before Paul come, we only put the cell on before Paul Christiansen come and done the taping, then I found out I could run it with petrol, without petrol, with petrol on there would interfere with the flaming cell … Oh, that’s why it was up and down and all over the place. On the tat. And you can hear the motor doing it, you can hear the revs in the motor changing all over the place.

 And nobody was touching anything, and you’d take the cell off, and everything was running smooth. You take the fuel off, she runs smooth. Two together, don’t like s and means of putting the two on together where they will like each other.

 For every action there’s an opposite and equal. Understand? Me son was taking his girlfriend up home and everything else, still had some fuel in the tank, she was reading empty, he didn’t know where it was, and he thought she was okay, so he gets just up the road here around the corner in front of the RSL club, the local bowling club … ??? They don’t know I live in this town, so don’t tell anybody, anyway… And right in front of the flaming local bowling club with the cell on, and petrol on, she ran out of petrol.

In top gear at forty kays an hour, she ran out of petrol. The car just hit sixteen thousand revs, instantly, in top gear, and the back wheels just lift the road up, and nearly spun him over the bank. I could take you up there, show you, scared shitless. And he had another mate in the car, they came back down the house, after it scared him. He dumped the clutch and shut it down, and he coasted all the way back down to here cause it’s all down hill. He got out here and he was as white as a ghost, and shaking. You can ask Rachel all about it.

 Anyway, and he said, the flaming cell blew me motor up! I said what did it do? He said oh, just up the road it just laid rubber and screamed and nearly put me over the bank. And I said we’ll go out and check this.

 So we walked out the front, I lifted the bonnet, I checked the accelerator to see if it was stuck on, lifted it up, the butterflies were shut. I went around to the key, I didn’t get into the car, I

30

 turned the flaming key, she just went WHHAAAHHHH! Straight back up to sixteen thousand revs. The tacho went straight over the needle and bent it, and the car just had a noise at first and then lost it. You couldn’t hardly hear the motor running at all. The exhaust was running with ice on it, the radiator had ice on it. You could put your hand on everything and it was freezing damn cold, and there was no noise in the motor because the damn thing wasn’t exploding. 

 Now on this other video ???? so it’s just kicked in, in a couple of minutes while these government agents … Do you know what happens with a microphone if you take it around, on a camera or on a wireless or anything else that you have a microphone on. If you take it around and you shove it in the exhaust pipe or in the alignment of the exhaust, with the exhaust exploding …. Do you know you can’t hear anything, because it distorts all of the sound because of the explosions, and the pressure.

 But I can show you with these government agents going, seconds after we turned it from petrol over to just the water cell … They go with their camera and their microphone, and they go to the exhaust pipe to smell what’s coming out of the exhaust, and it’s a totally different thing to petrol altogether, and they have the microphone right in the line of their exhaust pipe, and it is clearer than you and me, standing, speaking now…. coming off ???? you’re distorted and you shouldn’t be even able to hear anybody.

 You take a mike, and talk over a mike in the exhaust pipe and see if you can hear it come out on a cassette or anything else, it doesn’t. Here, I’ll show you in the motor. You know when you start a motor on petrol and you rev it, it explodes and sort of BRRRMMMMMM! BBRRRRMMMM! Right, now implosion, would be the opposite. I’ll explain it. Have you ever heard a rotary engine motor run? Right, they sort of make a deeper noise. A different one. Well, on this car, the car isn’t exploding, and when you touch the accelerator, the motor goes WWRRRMM! WRRRMMM! It pulls backwards. And it’s only just been turned over, so that the whole car isn’t running properly, because when the whole car runs properly, there is a possibility from a standing start with no acceleration to start with until you get going, there is a possibility, I’ll show you a possibility on a quarter mile … four to five hundred miles an hour, under four seconds.

And that will be on a road car. ?? Well they do, they work probably better on the rover. In these things here with implosion, what we’ve gotta understand is, with no friction, no heat, no explosion in the cylinders, we don’t get valve bounce, and we don’t get any friction or heat or anything else. So there’s no limitation to how fast the pistons can go up and down.

It removes all those things that stop ‘a piston going up and down, stopping and starting going down. Well, valve bounce isn’t valve bounce. I would like you to explain to me valve bounce as you understand it. And then I will explain as I understand valve bounce.

 BOB: WELL I UNDERSTAND VALVE BOUNCE IS WHEN THE SPRINGS DON’T HAVE TIME TO CLOSE.

 Valve bounce. Good. So that it means that we’re either going too fast and the valve doesn’t have a chance to close up again or the valve springs don’t have a chance to pull them close again because of the slack in them.

31

 Do you understand? Because we’re going to fast for them. Good. We had a standard motor what’ll do five thousand revs, as an example. That is on petrol and air just pulling it down the carburetor. Normally. It will valve bounce at five thousand revs. Now, we do something different to it. Without changing the valves, without changing the timing, without changing anything else, we put a turbo on.

 We install a turbo charger which now will blow some more stuff into the cylinder. And do we bounce at five thousand revs now? No, we valve bounce at somewhere around about nine and half to ten. Now we do exactly the same damn thing, and we do not change the valves, we don’t change the valve springs, we don’t change the timing, we put a supercharger on. A block. And the only difference is it’s putting more pressure into the cylinder, than what we’ve vacuumed in.

 ??? When the piston went down. ??? ten thousand revs, and we are setting the valves, faster and the pistons faster, and we don’t valve bounce, yes. I’ve built super machines myself. That’s what takes place. You go and put a supercharger on, you go and put a blower on, and you can prove the same damn thing. What is doing it? You wanna know what’s doing it? Say I like to give a very large motor to somebody. We have a three hundred cubic inch bore ….???? From the intake valve opening, and the piston at the top to suck our cylinder.

 To fill our cylinder up with either air or air fuel or whatever else. From the top of the bore, to the bottom of the bore is three hundred cubic inches. So under normal situations without a turbo and without a blower, we have now just sucked down three hundred cubic inches of atmospheric pressure. The intake valve shuts and we come up to the compression stroke. Now compression starts to compress up, and at the top of the stroke we have a hundred and eighty pounds of compression.

 A hundred and eighty pounds is somewhere around a Holden, falcon, or anything else. Now, on the way up, we lose some of the compression past the rings. It’s called blow-by. And then when we get to the top of the stroke, actually, somewhere around eight to twelve degrees before the top of the stroke, we have spark which then explodes. But it doesn’t explode. Or is it a kick backwards?

 Now, when we get to the top of the stroke, the explosion happens, which is heat, with the explosion of the air and fuel and everything else, and we blow a little bit more down past the rings. And then when the piston starts going down the power stroke, the fuel and air starts to cool.

 Now, we haven’t got three hundred cubic inches in the stinking bore. That’s why the piston will never reach bottom. And what happens is, the faster you go, the piston starts going down the power stroke, runs out of power, runs out of its push what you suck in, and now it starts to vacuum. They don’t know, and vacuum can be a thousand times greater than what compression is.

 I’ll prove that to you in a sec. Thousands of times greater, and it works more, under speed vacuum. Vacuum works greater under speed than it does under no speed.

 I’ll prove it to you. What’s happening is, three hundred cubic inches on the down stroke intake. Compression up we lose some on the blow-by, we lose some with the heat and expansion and everything else at the top. The piston goes over, starts to go down, gets three parts of the way down, there’s nothing left. Then it turns from a push into a suck. And the suck pops the valve open.

 Now, by putting a turbo on we don’t have three hundred cubic inches in the bore anymore, whatever the turbo is. Say it’s three hundred and seven. We now have three hundred and seven. We get to the top of

32 

 the stroke, we’ve got a little bit more there, and the piston now goes down and gets a little bit further because it’s got a little bit more into there, and then it creates a vacuum suck, we valve bounce not at five thousand revs, we valve bounce now maybe at seven, seven and a half thousand, maybe eight thousand. We put a blower on what can go up to thirty-five pounds, so we’ve got three hundred and thirty-five pounds in the cylinder. We blew an extra thirty-five in.

 We lose a little bit of blow-by, we lose a little bit of expansion at. the top, and then the piston gets further down the bore, and we go to ten, ten and a half thousand without changing the bore, and then she sucks over.

 Now, what would happen if you didn’t have compression and lose on the upstroke? Because I fired the stinkin motors up to eighty degrees advance. I don’t care if you believe it or not, but I’ll show the damn video with distributors are proving that the motor runs, with the cell on. Grabbing the distributor when we drove into the shed on petrol and air, and we flaming advanced it nearly to the next damn cylinder. On a four cylinder turning the distributor right around to quarter of the flaming turn, maybe a bit more than a quarter.

 You work it out by looking at the distributor, and the motor smoothes out and goes quiet. And it’s done on video in front of you with the people watching. I’m not doing this anymore, but you can see the agents doing it on this tape that is out there. I can’t leave it there because I haven’t got the full energy into the car to leave it at that advance, but it said on Paul Christiansen’s tape, which you do have, which is being sold illegally by Ian Hakon…

 He’s saying there that we start off with somewhere around, you know we start advancing maybe up to three or four or five times??? before we get to forty-seven or so. Because forty-seven ain’t the proper running of a motor, because the rover motor in the first car was eighty degrees advance. Eighty degrees. Yeah, now let’s figure something out, on the spark.

What is the difference between an aluminium motor, and a cast iron motor, in the spark. Because, but I’m not gunna explain that right now, but I wanted you to understand something. The differences between aluminium and cast iron. And you know there is different degrees of cast iron. Now we have also cast iron blocks with aluminium heads. We have cast iron motors complete, we have aluminium motors complete.

The timing of the spark: we have a motor … make an identical motor. Let’s just say complete an aluminium motor, complete cast iron motor, and a complete half cast iron block with aluminium heads. Now, tell me what the differences is in the timing. We got the same petrol, we got the same oil, we got the same air, we got the same whatever there is … Because did you know that a cast iron motor in America, Canadian-American, you set them up to flaming twenty degrees advance.

 In Australian cast iron you set them down to somewhere around about eight to twelve. There are different combinations in the cast iron. Now where do you set a cast-iron block with an aluminium head? Three to eight. Where do you set a complete aluminium motor? Top dead centre. Youse mechanics should know that. Top dead centre. Now, the funny thing is with a cast iron motor, if your retard the timing which makes the spark come further up with the piston further to the top of the cylinder, the further you get up to the top and everything else your motor will kick back on you.

If you advance it, it will kick back on you. But advancing the timing on a cast-iron motor on eighteen to twenty degrees advance makes the motor run even smoother, for a while. But you can’t start them there.

33

 They go RRR! RRR! RRR!But, then they run better at further advance. That’s why we got a vacuum advance and retard, so when you start them they’re on retard and when you advance them they pick up to that. Now, if you retard the timing on a cast-iron motor and then bring it back near top dead @centre, she will kick back on you.

 You definitely cannot get down the power stroke with it. Now what do you do with an aluminium motor? The funny thing about an aluminium motor is you can’t advance it nowhere near the same distance you can a cast-iron motor, because she’ll kick back on you or splutter out. But you damn well can go down the retard, down the power stroke with an aluminium motor. You can retard it….. [END OF TAPE1


################################################################################
# [884] JoeCell-TALKS 2
################################################################################

###  JOE TALKS part 2/4, By Alex Schiffer, Update9.2, from http://divadjac.googlepages.com/update9.2 

Tape-2. “Joe Speak” ; Just Talking

…one for telling you about what man has already found standard-wise, but so far I’m not telling you anything alternative. I’m telling you what you may not have been told by them, which is standard stuff so far.

When the Japanese, tried making the cast iron motor with the aluminium head.. because first they found out it disperses heat quicker, ’cause the cast iron motors, you know, have a different frequency for the timing, and also, they found out that they disperse heat better, and so on. And the Japanese wanted to disperse heat greater, because greater power is in the distance, not the closeness of air and fuel. It’s in the distance of air and fuel, with from hot to cold. Like the intercoolers. You put an intercooler on, to cool the air, but we heat the fuel.

And that gives us greater performance, where if we heat up the air, and we heat up the fuel, we don’t have any power. Or a very limited amount of power. Or you cool the fuel and heat the air. One or the other. But the Japanese found out that you cool the air down with an intercooler. So what they tried to do was that, because one of the other things is too: people had tried to get the petrol to atomise. So they heated up, vaporised it, and everything else. So you get a hotter motor. And what we’ve got in here, we’ve got thermostats, we’ve got heaters all around the motor. We’ve got the pollution sensor from the exhaust to cross underneath the carburettor to send exhaust emissions to heat up the fuel and air under our carburettor on the falcons. We’ve got water ones on Sigmas, which gives us a water choke and a water cooler… you know, heating and cooling under our manifold.

We’ve got thermostats, we’ve got radiators, and we’ve got electric’s. We’ve got everything else to try and heat air and fuel at the same rate. Air and fuel get atomised in the carburettor. Now what that the Japanese found is, if you get your motor a little bit too hot, they can preignite. Right, and you get a motor too hot, and they don’t have any power. And also, if you get ’em too flipping cold they don’t seem to have too much power straight off either. You’re supposed to have an even balance. And all the even balance is to try and make your motor run, you know, with performance – so you can plant the foot and she’ll take off, and she’ll have plenty of power and everything else – is getting it over the freezing cold, and under the boiling hot. Isn’t’ it?

So then we got all these people who go out there and they try and get fuel polarisers. And all the fuel polarisers that man has ever made haven’t done a danm thing to a car. I don’t care what you say; it didn’t do anything to the car, to make them run. And people are still playing with fuel polarisers. He is. Go and look at what Brocky done.

BOB: DID IT WORK, BROCKY’S ONE?

He didn’t have a fuel polariser.

BOB: NO, SORRY, HE HAD A POLARISER.

He had an, uurn um. No, but he’s worked on air. ‘Cause he was out of fuel three laps earlier. It was still runnin’. Don’t tell him I said that. But that’s what he did. And they

1

Didn’t want you to know that, but that’s what he did. He had a box up the back, it had things going into it, things coming out of it, nothing in the middle. What he had was an air polariser on the air intake, and that air didn’t, without the fuel, didn’t heat up… The only reason air heats up now is because it’s dead. We can’t run on this air. But you can’t light a candle without air, and you can’t run anything else without flipping air, and nothing bums without air. And in a motor, we only run an air fuel mix and everything else because the fuel itself does two things.

One is a wetting agent, right? And one is also to atomise and put charge into the oxygen. What happens to a flaming motor if you lean them out? They go better, but they overheat. What happens to a motor mower when you run out of fuel? Screams! It’s only getting air, but it’ll overheat, until it gets to a point and then it stops, because the heat changes the frequency. Hot and cold changes frequency. Did you know your motor in a car does not run on air and fuel?

Air compression. You just change the condenser. Take the condenser out. Change the resistor. Stretch the resistor or shrink the resistor, see if your car goes. Only that that makes it run. A faulty resistor, your car either backfires and coughs and farts and won’t start, and if it does fart it won’t rev out. If you’ve got a faulty condenser, your motor won’t start, or won’t run, or do all the same. And you say it’s only the spark. Well, you take the damn condenser out of that car, and people tell you that they put in these electronic ignitions and everything else to give you greater spark. Phenomenal greater spark. Well you know you can get greater spark by taking the condenser out. ‘Cause you can tow the motor to a thousand miles an hour and you won’t get a kick out of the motor. It’ll burn out the points, melt the points and everything, but you won’t get a kick out of the motor.

If you don’t have that exact right frequency in that condenser, your motor will not start run on, flaming petrol, and air. No matter what spark it is. And if your resistor is out of alignment, it won’t run. And if your coil is out of alignment, it won’t run. You know what they do with diesels now? Well the early diesels and everything else, I’m giving you a variety here, so you can start getting all this crap, out of your head, and it gives you something to look at anyway, when it comes down to alternatives. The diesels and everything else, when they first had the diesel motors, they used to just pull the flaming lever on the inside, she just shut off your pump.

So no fuel. And the motor stopped, all right? Then they used an electronic solenoid, right? Electric solenoid on ’em, that’s what they do on some of them today. Some have still got the pull, some have got electronic solenoid. Now, there’s some other interesting ones out there. Which don’t have a pull, to shut the fuel, don’t have electric solenoid. Underneath the seat, they have an electronic box, which sends a frequency to the motor, and the flaming diesel motor stops. The jackaroo could be one of them.

I’ll explain that. We had a diesel. A lady turned up in casino with a diesel flaming four-wheel drive. And nobody knew anything about it. She pulled up there, she come to buy some stuff off my fiancee here. For hours yapping away. When she went to leave, she went out to her car. Boils over, diesel, wouldn’t start. Anyway, so she called NRMA a mechanic, she didn’t call me, I was out the back workin’ – so she called the NRMA. The NRMA came around, and they checked the spark, in the battery. They checked

2

the flaming fuel. And they whirled it over, which is well known, and the flaming fuel is squirting into the flaming chambers and out the injectors and everything else. And everything was working. And they couldn’t figure out why it wouldn’t go. And they hooked onto it, because a diesel motor, you’ve got fuel there, you can start a diesel motor by towing it, you can’t stop the mongrel unless you plug the air chamber. All right? Now they tried towing it up and down the road.

And no one ever got a kick out of the mongrel. And they brought her back and put her down in front of our place, and they’re scratching their heads. Anyway, my missus here came out to me and everything else, and she said well she’s broken down out the front and they can’t get it going, and they had the NRMA there. I said well, why did you call me? So all I did was I just went back out to the flaming car, I looked at it, I know about diesels too, I looked at the thing, and I checked that there was no solenoid on the pump, and I noticed there was no pull to stop it. And I said, okay, how do you stop this vehicle?

She said I don’t know, turn the key off, I said yeah, okay, you turn the key off, that’s electric. But what does it do? And I said to the NRMA guy, how do you turn this vehicle off. It’s a diesel, how do you shut it down? He thought about it for a minute and says, actually, this model I really don’t know. Show you how to start it, but I said your gunna have to take it and have the box underneath the front seat changed. So all I did, I done this to a couple of other vehicles, for other reasons I I’ll tell you about it in a minute…

??? for energy. ???? and his mates, in Astro. You get that? Good. Anyway, I’ll tell you about it in a second. I just walked out to the vehicle, I checked that out and everything else. I went out the back, I got a piece of wire, I came out with the piece of wire, I plugged it straight on to the positive terminal of the battery, and I just went DOONK!, and shorted straight to the box. I said now you can start the diesel. I hopped into it, and went and fired it up straight away and away she go!

Anyway, now Solly, he’s in Astro in Byron Bay, which everybody in this group should know, Solly himself, come over to Casino in the early 93s and 94s and everything, and I was putting on a talk show that they arranged for me to do, they called me to tell all these people about all these cells. This was in the early days, and I was happy enough to tell everybody. So in Casino, I’m in the hall down there, I was in there talking to a lot of people and they brought a few of their cells and Solly was a bit too much for everybody else. He walked in there only for a couple of minutes to ask one question. Will this run on the diesel? And I said yes. So Solly had this little Isuzu diesel Ute. That he just bought, and they only had a new motor or something into it. So Solly left the meeting without me telling anything else. Thought he was smart. He went out the front, and he had a cell he didn’t bring in to show us or anything else, and he hooked it up to this diesel Isuzu.

The next thing we’re hearing inside, and we’re all talking and everything else, I’m drawing on the blackboard and so on like that; descriptions, we hear this howling of tires. We thought that was interesting, so… No more howl, so we thought maybe somebody just spin the wheels or you know, hittin’ the breaks. Then it done it again. So we thought, this is interesting. Then it got louder. So we all stopped the meeting

3

and we went out the front to look at flaming what’s doing all this howling of tires. And when we got out there, here’s this flaming Isuzu ute is, being towed up and down the road with the back wheels locked. Completely seized. And Solly’s pissed off because he reckons it’s just cost him a couple of thousand dollars he reckons for the thing and the brand new motor and the cell he hooked up…

Seized it up. Seized it. Now it wouldn’t make any difference if you pulled the injectors out or anything else. The motor still won’t turn. Won’t turn. Seized the motor. But I just said, it hasn’t done anything to the motor. I said failing the thing going right off the dial and everything else, seized it all up? I said you didn’t stay in the meeting and listen, did you? Did not ask any questions about how to run it on the diesel. I just said can somebody please get me a piece of wire please. So they all hunted around their vehicles and everything else, and they finally ended up finding a piece of wire. They said what are you going to do with that? I said I’m going to unseize the motor in a split second. He said me motor’s seized up, it’s me two thousand dollars or something else down the drain and everything else, rant, rant, rant…

I just got the piece of wire, and I plugged to the battery. Pushed the piece of wire, didn’t touch the flaming car meself, I just went over to the block, and I got the end of that wire and I just sparked it to the block. But that’s not how it goes you see, it doesn’t go from positive to negative, it goes from the block to the wire, and back to the battery. And as soon as I did that, the motor unseized itself, and he hit the key, it started, and I never seen him again. He didn’t stop to say thank you, he kept driving down the road. I haven’t seen him, in that ute ever again. And he’s never asked me about it ever again.

BOB: WHY DID IT SEIZE?

It didn’t seize, it vacuumed off.

BOB: IT VACUUMED OFF?

No. No. You see, we put a charge, off the cell, because it doesn’t use the water. You see? The cell creates an energy frequency. The energy frequency, seized up the chamber where the air and fuel mix. But you see the diesel doesn’t squirt fuel in until the top of the stroke. In every motor that was seized because the frequency seized up and caused a vacuum lock in the chamber. And all it took was electrical discharge to unseize the vacuum lock. We’ve had that in the exhaust pipes, we’ve had that in the fuel line, and we’ve had that in pipelines with water in it, from these cells. We’ve got water, in the middle of a flaming pipe, with just about two foot long, water in the middle, and you can’t get the damn water out, either end.

Won’t come out. You can suck it, you can blow it, you can do it from either end, you can’t get it out. What you gotta do is touch a battery lead onto the end of it, and the water just runs straight out.

4

That’s it. Now to also explain that a little bit here, I’ve got it on tape here, but I’m not gunna show anybody at the present moment, but I’ve showed a few people in the past. I can take a two litre glass container to show you, a glass container with a lid on it, y put a quarter of an inch of water into the bottom of it.

Right? And, put a lid on it, and you know, if you create a vacuum on there you cannot stretch that water out. You’ll only remove a certain – and you can’t get rid of the air either -and you can’t get rid of the water out. So it creates a vacuum lock up. There’s still air in there to some degree, and there’s water in there. Right, I can prove to you, that either putting charged water in there, or putting a frequency onto the side of that container, that you can put a vacuum onto the top; and not even a very good one, you can even suck it with your mouth, and I can fill that glass container with water right to the very brim. With that water in there without an air bubble in it.

From that quarter of an inch in the bottom of a two litre glass container, I don’t care how big you make it. And it’ll fill the whole top. Now the other thing is, your hydraulics’ effect is… Remember this thing but: the science thing, what is it? For every action there’s an opposite and equal. And all of us know about hydraulics. What is hydraulics. Hydraulics is a liquid what you cannot compress. And we use it for pistons, hoists, jacks, you name it. And, the other thing I can do with this container is this. Fill the container right to the very brim. With water. Put the lid on it. You cannot compress that water down. Because it is called a hydraulic lock.

Isn’t it? Yeah well, I put a frequency on the side of it, and you can just put your finger on the top if you had a piston or anything else on the top there, you know, to compress it, with a lid on, I could push that water straight down to the bottom of the glass container and leave about a 64th of an inch on the bottom, and it doesn’t fight against you. And all that water will compress right back down to nothing, nearly. Well that’s logical. You know your car does it.

I’m gunna give you the difference now. We just talked about petrol cars with spark, frequencies, towings, you know, distributors, not so much we didn’t get into that, but that’s what we got in one section, and now we’ve got a diesel. You go and try and put some water, into a diesel motor, while it’s going. And see what happens to the biggest diesel motor with the biggest fattest conrod, as big as your arm. With a few drops of water. The conrod will bend to an s-bend, and smash the piston to oblivion. Now, grab the garden hose, and go out to your petrol car with your carburettor and pull the air-cleaner off, and start your flipping car, and you have to accelerate a little bit, and you just turn your garden hose straight down the throat of the carburettor, and it will go straight into there, it will not atomise, it will go into the cylinder, it will not hydraulically lock, it will not bend your conrods, it will come straight back out your damn exhaust pipe and you can catch it in a bucket. And it will not seize or bend conrods.

And you compress the water down. Grab the garden hose, rev your motor up a little bit, and put the garden hose straight into there, there’s no way possible, that, just to keep your motor going, there’s no way possible that it atomizes the water, and then recondenses it and drops it back out your damn exhaust pipe. They used it, Hitler used it on his Volkswagen, the air motors on his Volkswagen to take the carbon off the top.

5

De-coking them. I can go to any motor out there you want, any petrol motor, and you can stick it in full-bore…

BOB: BEEN THERE AND DONE THAT.

Been there and done that. Why doesn’t it seize or bend your pistons and conrods on that?

BOB: IS IT VAPORIZING IT?

No it isn’t.

There’s no way possible that it can heat up to an extreme heat, and then condense right back down back again, and come out cold, into solid water again. This amount you put in there. What it does do is it makes your motor run freer, it takes away all the coke and carbon out, it keeps your spark plugs running cleaner and gives them a longer life, and it also makes your motor, if you only use a smaller amount, also, if you got a gas car, and it pings, it’ll take all the knock out. If you’ve got a high-compression motor, and you’re trying to get all the knock out and everything else, ’cause she rattles when you get high revving, you’ve just gotta get a little

Vacuum, water. Water in the bottle under vacuum, and get it in one of the holes going down the carburettor, and it will give you more power and take all the knock out of your motor and your motor rev past all of its points with the water vapour in there.

Man tried to do it a bit better when he got water injection. He went and made electric ones. Three hundred and some odd dollars. Guess what? They didn’t work. They used to smash conrods and pistons. They used it electrically. They used an electric pump, to pump the stinking water.

Used it through the coil, and the condenser, and the frequency and you know, everything else to squirt it in to your carburettor. And that didn’t do nothin’ for your motor, except sometimes it seized it right up. Blew ’em. It didn’t work, and that’s why you don’t have those water injection motors. People try and give them to me, three hundred, four hundred dollar jobs in the early days, and I just threw ’em in the shed.

‘Cause they didn’t work, and the best thing is to go and, stick it out below the carburettor, and flaming just have it sucking itself up under atmospheric suction vacuum. And that’s how it works. Now, to finalise to this point about those motors and everything else: the diesel has a different frequency in the motor. If you put water in there, you’ve got a seized up hydraulic motor. Okay, if you put it in when the motor’s not going, you’ve got a seized up thing, you can’t compress it.

That’s in the diesel motor. With the motor not going. You put the water in there with the diesel going, and the same thing: it will not compress it, it will bend the conrod. It will not compress it. A petrol motor will. Because of the frequency, it compresses it. And changes the frequency… Gas or vapour first but, water will compress. I can show it to you funnier. Stretch it, for every action there’s an opposite and equal. If you can, you can stretch it. If you can stretch it you can compress it, But you gotta know how, Diesel won’t. Now, you got a petrol motor, and you got a little bit of water, open up your spark plug or just pour some down with the motor not going and then try and do it, because it’s got a But with the motor you can. Understand?

6

BOB: ???? FREQUENCY?

I’ll teach you another thing: frequency. Is it spark, that fires your petrol and air mix? For you mechanics, and anybody else listening, I’d like to know how… You’ve got a motor, which has got a miss in it: DA DADA DA DA DA DA DA! And, there’s many things for that miss. One is a burnt-out valve. One is a hole in the piston, one is low compression, one is broken rings. Another thing is a head gasket blown. And the other thing is, is a spark plug lead not firing. Crack in a cap, not enough gap in your points so it’s not throwing a spark, or else, a faulty spark plug.

One what’s shorting out, so it can’t throw the spark. Or a completely carboned-up spark plug. Now… Where you check, without pulling the spark plug out of the motor, how do you check if it’s a faulty spark plug? Now, we’ve eliminated, don’t care how, but we’ve eliminated, that we haven’t got a blown head gasket. We eliminated we haven’t got a burnt-out valve. We eliminated we haven’t got low compression. We eliminated we haven’t got broken pistons, anything else. We eliminated that we’ve got no crack in the cap, we’ve eliminated we haven’t got a spark plug lead is bringing spark down. So it comes back to now, we believe, by eliminating everything else, spark plug. Without taking that spark plug out of the motor, how do you check if it’s faulty?

If you pull, the spark plug lead off the spark plug and spark plug lead back onto the spark plug, she goes: BA BA BA BA BA BA BA. If you take the spark plug clean away from the spark plug so no spark plug reaches it, she goes: BA BA BA BA BA. But if you make the spark jump outside, from the lead, to the spark plug, the motor will run smooth as glass, and there is no spark jumping on the inside of that motor. It is jumping outside because you either got a faulty one or it is a carboned-up one; your motor runs smooth as glass, so you pull the spark plug out and you throw it away.

And what the Harley-Davidson boys did and everything else in the early days when they wanted to make their motors go fast on the drag track, because they used to break down and knock and ping and wouldn’t rev out on the high speed, they used to grab their button off their shirt, it’d run normally with good spark plugs … With good leads and everything else, but they couldn’t get the high flaming revs out of them. They used to grab the button off their shirt, and they used to wrap a little bit of wire around their button, and stick it onto the spark plug. And then another little bit of wire through the other side of the button, and stick it into the spark plug lead so it gave you a distance. A distance between the spark being connected, and the flipping Harley-Davidsons used to rev out three times as damn far on that spark.

They had the spark they needed without changing coils and resistors and flaming you know, electronics and everything else. And you say it’s only building up sparks,

7

because it’s got a pressure behind it? No it’s not. You better think a little bit different. Spark does not jump on the inside, the frequency does it on the block. Now, if you’ve ever played with something called a LEMI unit. There’s a fella that’s brought out a gas unit, it’s called a LEMI, L – E – M – I, I think it is. It’s all tested overseas in the Volvos, trucks and cars, and everything else. The man out here in Australia brought it out here to release it. What they’ve got is, in the manifold, they drill holes, for little valves in there, they run hoses over to this plastic box/bottle, which is a, just a bought flaming windscreen washer bottle. In there, they put, hydrogen peroxide and ammonia. And a third item is a secret, they won’t tell you what it is. And what it is I’m gunna tell you the secret.

It’s a drop of water. What happens is, is they put the hoses into there going into the manifold, and you got a vacuum on it, and they let air into the bottle, and those hoses are underneath. And what happens is when the air goes down into the hydrogen peroxide and ammonia with the drop of water it reacts and produces gas and reacts like mad. And that gas goes over into the manifold and everything else, and gives you performance. Heaps more economy, Heaps more power and everything else. And the guy over here who released all that stuff, just close to me here. Um, I took Professor Ron Davis down to his place, because Professor Ron Davis wanted to look at this stuff, see it running. And he had it in the newspaper and everything else running on HQ Holden. And his son had one on a HI Holden. There’s a difference. One is a 202 Holden motor, and one is a 186 Holden motor, and they’re motors. But there’s a difference in one of them.

Now, we went in there to look at it, and he’d been demonstrating the HQ,not the HT.

Anyway the HQ seemed to be running really fine. Plenty of power, everything else,going fine. The boy had the HT. Said his flaming thing, jerks and farts and coughs and plays up merry hell. If he takes the LEMI unit off, it runs smooth. Puts the LEMI unit on -runs like a mongrel dog! Now, in front of Professor Ron Davis, and the guy I can’t say what his name is, and his son, and his daughter, and his wife, and a few other people… Down there, I went over to him, and he couldn’t figure out exactly what was making this HT run like a mongrel dog.

It was like it was running on about one cylinder. The spark was getting into the cylinders, the spark plugs were okay, the distributors were okay, the points were okay, the carburettor was okay. Everything was okay. I pulled off, in front of Ron Davis and all the rest of the people there, I pulled off every one of the spark plug leads to the spark plugs. And I put it in me hand and I held it in the centre of the motor about a sixteenth of an inch away, in a bunch, and the motor run like as smooth as smooth.

BOB: WITH THE LEMI ON IT?

With the LEMI on it, and with leads just held not onto the spark plugs, just into the middle of the block. All of them just crunched up into the distributor and aimed into the centre of the block, and their mouths all just hit the ground.

BOB: THAT MOTOR WAS A … ?

8

186 Holden, smooth, six cylinder, smooth as glass it run. You put all the leads back on again, it run like a mongrel dog again. Those spark plugs weren’t faulty, I spent hours down there looking at this thing. And I didn’t know, I don’t know why I got this answer and everything else to do this, I just said to Whitehouse, I said, I can’t think of his first name now, I just said: Is the HQ running okay’? It’s got exactly the same distributor on it – cap.

He said yeah. I said: well can I take the distributor cap and leads off the HQ and put them on the HT ones onto the HQ? He says: my HQ? It’s gunna make it run like a mongrel dog! I said: it’s not gunna make it run like a mongrel dog. I said, it’s not gunna make your car run any different than it is running right now. So he says all right. But he says, if it proves that, then we’ll go and get another cap and leads. I said, okay.

So I took the 186 one off, took it over, put it on the HQ and fired the HQ up, it run smooth as glass. I took the HQ one and put it on the HT, 186. and it run smooth as glass. Okay, there is no answer. I don’t know-.

I don’t know why. That’s what happened in that. But with the 186 on the HO I could not take the leads off and stick them in the centre of the motor and make it run, but on the HQ I could ,the HT run like a mongrel dog. That is splitting hydrogen and oxygen, because if you split… If you have hydrogen peroxide, hydrogen peroxide is H202… If you want the best hydrogen and oxygen production, you use sulphuric acid. ??? Mix two of these things together. Because those two together don’t react. But the only way to make it stable, and the only way to make them pair react, is to use one drop of plain straight water. And that’s the ingredients what make it run. So why it was running and everything, and why you just swap the caps I can’t tell you but there was difference in the frequency because the LEMI was playing up like a mongrel dog for, they said for weeks.

Till they finally finely tuned it, into the HQ. I believe what was happening is, it changed some of the frequency in, either the carbon button in the distributor cap, or the bakelite. ‘Cause all he did was swap caps over. And the both cars went. But that’s all we did: change the caps, and the leads. And the only thing in the leads is silicone.

I’ll begin the story on hydrogen and oxygen production. If you want to use hydrogen and oxygen in a motor, if you wanna use this hydrogen/peroxide and ammonia which is called LEMI stuff, ah, come up to Lismore, speak to a mechanical shop over the road from where I live – they used to fit the LEMI units.

And the liquid, what they supplied in bottles to put into this container which is your LEMI liquid, that’s your hydrogen peroxide, and your ammonia stuff in it, and so on, and their special ingredient… They used to supply in dark coloured bottles. And this shop got a flamin’ box full of it sent, and they had clear bottles. And hydrogen peroxide breaks down in light. And the bottles were bubbling. And a guy came in a HQ Holden ute 202, and he’s had a LEMI unit on the car for along time. And he come in there and he bought a bottle of this, this stuff to top it back up again. And they poured it in and it was in a clear bottle and it was reacting, and um he poured it into the LEMI unit and they fired the car up and they had it running for about a quarter of a

9

minute, and there’s this mighty explosion, the motor seized up and everything else, it didn’t go any further.

And there was big ding-dong over that. And they went to court over this. The guy who owned the motor, the car, went to court and took LEMI unit and the mechanical place to court… And when they pulled the head off the motor they called me over to have a look and just couldn’t believe what took place in there. The hydrogen, from the hydrogen peroxide, had grabbed the top of the pistons, every one of them, and turned them into a million ball bearings of aluminium, inside the head of the motor.

Turned them into a million ball bearings because it exploded in the inside, and that is what people have found with hydrogen, and oxygen, out there with motors around the world today. When they finally got hydrogen and oxygen into a motor, the motors just seemed to go bang or something, and they pull them down, and you’ll find thousands of ball bearings, which your aluminium piston has turned into. And that’s what took place here, and that ended up in court, and there’s a court record of it and the mechanics are still here. And the people are still here around. They fought ’em in court, and LEMI beat this guy, and he had to go and buy himself another motor.

BOB: IT’S CALLED PEARLING.

Moisture doesn’t do it.

BOB: YEAH, BUT IT’S GOTTA BE ALMOST MOLTEN – THE ALUMINIUM AND WHEN THE MOISTURE GETS IN IT THEN IT PEARLS….

Well, hydrogen does that you see, because hydrogen itself can create phenomenal heat as well as… Hydrogen itself isn’t really that hot. It has a very big long yellow flame. Hydrogen itself is cooler than any other normal torch, you know, like in a acetylene torch, which is a long yellow flame and everything. It’s heaps less temperature.

BOB: BUT HOW CAN YOU GET THE HEAT THAT’DOES THE PEARLING?

Yeah well, you get the wrong kind of acid or water or anything else onto aluminium, and leave it sit for a while, and all the outside aluminium turns into oxidisation and blisters up and eats chunks out of it.

BOB: YES, THAT’S THE SURFACE OXYGEN.

??? Try to do it really fast and turn aluminium into ball bearings, tip milk on it which hasn’t been to the factory and been homogenised first.

BOB: REALLY?

Straight from the cow, tip it onto aluminium and just wait.

BOB: WHAT IS THE COMPONENT, THAT THE SKIN OF THOSE BUBBLES IS MADE OF, WHAT IS IT?

10

Ah, now you’re talking two things you see. One question is you’re asking about the white stuff and then, straight away you ask me about the skin on the bubbles.

BOB: THAT IS THE SAME STUFF IS IT NOT?

No, see that white stuff stays in the water and goes down. It doesn’t raise to the surface.

BOB: AH, I HAVEN’T SEEN THAT PART, I’VE ONLY SEEN THE WHITE BUBBLES.

Well you will. And the bubbles are crystal clear. Sort of like viscosity. The bubbles are clear. You produce hydrogen and oxygen, you don’t have any bubbles. But if you do get a little tiny bubble, you don’t have it on the surface very long. Not at all. Ah, what I’ve done, and what guy just the other day surprised him, he’s been playing with cells around here for a while, he started with nothing. The cell wouldn’t work. And I didn’t do anything for him, I just kept going to lookin’ at what he was doing, ’cause he’s a simple guy. Just wanted to ask for some input, and I didn’t want to input, I just wanted to look, so…. It was raining here for a long time and he kept using rainwater.

And, rain changes, Rain water changes, if you want to go and have a look at a river some time after the rain, the river is absolutely brown shit mud. So’s your puddles. And then for some reason, go out and you get a bit of a storm or a bit of a rain change and everything, you whatch the river and the flipping river turns a light green and has a clear water on top and so’s your puddles.

One is dirtying, and one is cleaning. Different charges in rains. Your car also, if you run on the dew in the morning, where it’s got charge in it, your car runs cheaper and smoother and faster, with less fuel. On the dew, when the dew has charge in it. Etcetera, instead of just normal water or vapour. Now, um, this guy started playing and everything else and he ended up that his cell started to work. And he was able to produce bubbles what stayed on the surface in this vicousy state, two days after they were still sitting on the surface. He went and got, a Kentucky Fried spoon, you know what they have for the, the plastic spoons that they have for the, you know the, potato gravy. He got one of them, he went to a few of the bubbles, he picked them up in the plastic spoon, he walked them through and showed his kids. He took them out and he tipped them on the kitchen table.

On the timber kitchen table. They still sat there. He put a match to ’em, and SMASHED the kids’ eardrums virtually, and he broke the light the house. We got another fella in Byron Bay the other day who put a water cell together with cones and everything else, his next door neighbour has a very large house. He had about twelve rooms with the lights on every single room. And he went out at night time, into his shed, this is the guy what Cliff knows too. He went out into the shed, he turned on his cell, he got first time, he got bubbles all over the surface straight away off plain straight rain water.

11

With cones. He lit one of the bubbles, pulled his eardrums, and single stinking light in the neighbour’s house, blew. And he shut her down, pulled the thing and run inside.

On the video tape of Paul Christiansen’s which youse have got apparently and everything else, you’ll see the fire extinguisher, the blue one. And we put plain straight water in it, what Paul Christiansen brought done from Brisbane, there’s no shit, no nothing happening, there’s no electrolytes pulling nearly nothing…. You’ll see we fill it right to the top. The water itself is viscous, is right up over, intentionally. And then it just keeps pushing the water out, stretching the water out. That’s not a hydraulic effect. It keeps pushing it out to probably three to four to five inches out. And we got the bubbles what come on the surface of the water there. Just in the top of that fire extinguisher.

You light them first off, and they go: PIP-POP! And then we have the ones running down, off the top of the water, over the side of the keg because she’s pumping water out, she runs down the fire extinguisher and goes onto the bench. The ones of the top of the water with charge on them and everything else go PIP-POP! What do the ones on the bench do? PPPKKC OOWWWW! Where did it get that energy from? It was not electrolysis, it did not come out of the water, it did not come out of the plates, it did not come out of electricity. This come out of somewhere, because these are outside the cell, running down the side of the container, and they sit on the bench.

And they get more violent. But, on top of the water: PIP-POP! Where did we get that energy? You have seen that, haven’t you?

BOB: ??? SAY THERE WAS AN ENERGY, FROM THERE TO THERE.

Now, you come on Paul Christiansen’s tape, to a red, cut down fire extinguisher, with a different set of plates in them. Round tubes and a little cone over the top. When we turn the power on with that one, It turns all the water into the container into bubbles, gas. All into bubbles. There is no liquid in there, it turns it into bubbles. As soon as we light the bubbles, it turns it back into liquid. That’s the red one. Off that red one, even thought there’s a lot of wind blowing and everything else, you can see. Straight away instantly, white steam, yeah. Well, it’s not hot steam. It’s white stuff. And I say, that there’s a possibility that that white stuff is the stuff what runs a car.

That is not what runs a car because we do not have any power going into a cell when I’ve hooked it to a car, so we can’t produce those bubbles and we don’t produce that white stuff. Now, that white stuff, if you let it go, straight out into mid-air… Straight up a container, and into mid air, and put a match to it, you cannot light it. If you have a bottle-neck , if you bring that gas off the top of the water and bring it back in on itself a little bit, and you put a match into it; what happens is no bang . Ever seen sheet lightning? Sheet lightning stays inside the cloud with no sound, and just goes BU BU BU BU BU BU BU! And doesn’t fade away. Not chain lightning, sheet lightning.

If you do that with the white stuff, we’ve proven here thousands of times, the white stuff brought back in on itself a little bit, just inside the glass container, or the cup, or

12

the cylinder, anything else, just brought back in a little bit, if you’ve got enough there. Put a match into it, it just has this… Like a cloud, you’re watching a cloud in front of you with sheet lightning in it. It just sits there very slowly and you see the flame just wavering. No sound, no bang, no moving away, nothing. And the cloud is still there. Now, if you bring it in, closer and tighter to a very small hole and you get some of that gas into there, and you put a match to the top, and-you got no time to run.

Because it just blows every single thing to a million bits. That’s that white vapour stuff, and you can try it with yourself. I don’t know why it does that, but it does that. And on the glass container you’ve seen the bubbles, at least five different kinds of gases coming out, because we take it off the fire extinguisher what we were lighting with the bubbles running over the side prior, and we put it into the non-charged container beside. Non-charged water and non-charged glass. And we take it out the white hose, and we drive the bubbles down underneath the water. If you pull the hose out right at the end of it you’ll blow yourself to a million bits. If you put the white hose underneath the water as a flash arrestor and you try and light the bubbles pouring at the top at first, you can’t. Why?

Because, the bubbles are transferring the energy out of the bubbles, the bubbles are still there, the gas is still coming through, but the energy for making them go BANG, or FIZZ, or POP or implosion, explosion or anything else is not in any of those bubbles. You can’t light ’em. Because the bubbles are transferring their energy, from the fire extinguisher up the hose and it’s going into the non-charged water. And when that non-charged water in the glass container beside the fire extinguisher gets some charge into it by the bubbles going through it, then you start to light the bubbles.

And they get better and better and better. And then you hear a variety of at least five different gases. POP POP! Blowing. And you can watch that because you got the tape. And there’s no tricks in that. It isn’t just hydrogen and oxygen in the water, in those bubbles. If there was, which one sucks in, which one blows out? Which one lights the match, which one puts the match out, which one doesn’t put the match out? Which one implodes, which one explodes?

It’s because they can’t, just two things can’t do all that. There’s more in it than what you think. But none of those gases am I using to run a car. Haven’t already heard it and every thing else, you will find out that I don’t even produce any gas, and I don’t even hook up a hose to the carburettor, or under vacuum or anywhere else. It just goes through a blank hole, like the spark plugs did on that HT Holden, they just go across and stick up to the side of the block. And so does this flaming filter, I just put it on, bottle it straight on with an insulator, straight on the side of the motor or the engine mount or any darn where else. That frequency coming out of the bubbles, and if you say it’s not charge or frequency or anything else, how do you explain what happens when the bubbles run down the side of the container that are thumping in ’em what isn’t in ’em at the top of the keg? So when they run down and sit on the bench, they’re more violent.

There is an energy field of some sort. It’s octane rating, gets greater. If you wanna look at octane as fuel or anything else, there’s an octane bang. Low octane makes your motor run weak, and ping and whatever else, and high octane makes your motor go

13

like a rocket. But overheat. These bubbles are cold. In those bubbles too when they run down onto the bench, In @’em, they’re clear as a bell when they come off the top of the water, when they run down the side of the container you can see inside of them. When they sit on the bench, you can see through them. When they burst of their own accord, you can also see them sitting on the bench, and when they bag, you see that white vapour stuff come out of the bubbles as well, like you did off the red container, on the bench.

BOB: THERE’S VAPOUR INSIDE OF THEM?

They seem to, but not when they’re on the top of the surface, not when they’re on the ground. But that white vapour is not lightable unless you contain it. ???? Because the same thing. It will not implode, then explode, then blow the match out, then suck the match in, then blow water out at you, then have a yellow flame; if it’s the same damn stuff. ??? Only.

BOB: SO WHAT IS, FOR ARGUMENT’S SAKE IN A CAR, OR AN ENGINE, WHAT’S THE IDEAL BUBBLES?

There is no ideal bubbles for a car because we don’t use bubbles.

BOB: NO, I KNOW, BUT THAT’S JUST AN ACCUMULATOR.

That’s, um, no, the only reason that I am charging the water and producing bubbles and I light the bubbles… I don’t do that, I haven’t done that for a very long time, except if somebody comes to have a look. I also don’t have to do that, because I know what each bubble looks like now. The only reason I do that is to find out how much power is in the cell. Because if it doesn’t go bang, I don’t hook it up to the car.

If it explodes with the yellow flame, I don’t hook it up to the car. But if it pulls me eardrums, and sometimes pulls the lights out of the roof and breaks glass, and flaming shakes your shed and so on then I know it’s definitely going to run the car,

And if you’re talking about bubbles, your mate here, when he gets back, can explain what I’m gunna show him very shortly about how much power is in bubbles to make a car run because, these people who done this other video nobody has, and I don’t have… ??? Is um, I’m gunna take these government agents for a run in the little Escort.

What I’m gunna do is first is I’m gunna run it, on the petrol that it normally runs on. That’s normal timing, petrol, carburettor, all the jets same size and everything else, and I’m gunna drive round, I’ll just drive in the shed like we’ve normally been driving – just your normal car. And then what I’m going to do is take the intermediate high-speed jet out, and I’m gunna solder it up.

And I’m gunna take the idle jet, and I’m gunna solder it up and drill a hole in it sixty-nine times, smaller with jet drills. And your mate is gunna watch all this, without

14

any camera breaks. And then with the same petrol, what we’re gunna do is, we’re gonna start that car, but you won’t be able to accelerate it if you touch the accelerator because there’s no fuel, on the intermediate and high speed.

It’s only on idle. So you can start the car and idle it, as soon as you touch the accelerator, and they tried, and I try and everything else, you can start it, but as soon as you touch the accelerator the motor cuts out, ’cause there’s no fuel in it. Then what we’re gunna do is, we’re gunna put the water cell on, as well as that limited fuel. Just on idle. Now what I’m gunna show you is, you can straight away start the motor, and you can now, without changing the timing, you can rev it, but it’s very dull. You can rev it, somewhere up to about five, six thousand revs. But it’s very doughy,

I go around to the distributor and I advance the damn distributor up to somewhere around fifty degrees advance. And the motor starts to smooth out. And now, you just touch the accelerator down to about a sixteenth to a quarter, not full acceleration, and she, you go round to the tacho, and you can see it sending it well past seven to ten thousand revs. That is with now flaming fuel at intermediate and high speed. Then, I disconnect the fuel cell. The water cell. And I disconnect the fuel lines. And I’ll show you where the fuel’s coming out, and I block ’em up. I got a fuel miser on the side of the car, so I can turn them on and off.

But I take the line off and I block it off so there’s no fuel going into the carburettor. And then, if I let the motor idle, I can let the motor idle for the next ten years. With no fuel cell on, and with no fuel on board either. And it will not step. But, I have to let it go for a fair while, which is longer than whatever fuel is that’ll run in it; and then I have to rev the living guts out of it, she runs out of fuel, she changes pitch in the motor… And she’s still going, and uh then, she just dies out: DAAAA DA DA DA DA!

And they asked, what happened. I said, well it ran out of fuel, for a start, But the whole thing is, this energy coming out of the cell, kept it going for a lot longer than what petrol ever would, and so on. That’s why I have to ‘rev’ it up, so she’ll get more air in and suck that energy out of the block. She stops. Then they try and start it, and they cannot start it until they’ve flattened the battery in the car. It will not kick. I then put just the water fuel cell on, and no fuel, no nothing, hop into it, and this is the criticalest part, where everybody never gets their cars running if they put ’em on…. And the only fella’s gunna be able to tell you what he’s seen and everything else is the guy here. I put the water fuel cell on and everything else, and whirl that car over. Put another battery in the boot and everything, a bigger one’ and everything, and whirl it over flat bicky you know with the key.

Still won’t start. You could whirl it over for a month of Sundays and it will not start. You have to do something else, which this man is the only one who’ll be able to tell you, watch… ‘Cause he’s gunna see it. What stops everyone from running a car. ? Is, from a standing start of transferring it on the ground, by getting rid of all the fuel. Because normally what I do is I don’t have this problem, but I wanted to show these government people, um everything else but, normally what I do is run it on some petrol, and then put the cell on, and keep tuning and keep reducing the

15

petrol and everything else until I’m right down to water. There’s no just keep advancing the timing and then get rid of the fuel.

But in this case, on this video, with this case, I’m going to get rid of all the petrol, and then all of the energy what the cell put in, So and they can try and start it, and I don’t go near the car, I stand away, they’ve got me on camera, and nobody goes near the car so anything else can be changed. There’s no other lines to the carburettor. And then, we just hook up the water cell, and fire it on the water cell.

With nothing else, no power input, no nothing. And then he can tell you the only way you’re going to get a motor firing, If you run it out, completely on fuel, for, and the energy out of the cell, which means that if you try and put a cell onto a car, straight on, and disconnect your fuel instantly, you’re not gunna get it running. And if you don’t get any of this energy into the block, you’re wasting your damn time.

‘Cause it won’t fire. Aluminium motors are a little bit different, for some reason. Aluminium motors I don’t see why. With those little buggers, aluminium motors seem to wanna fire up straight away. Most of them. We don’t have to worry about petrol, and we don’t have to worry about the energy getting into the damn cells, the little stinkers wanna go first off. But cast iron motors: very contrary.

I’m gunna stop very shortly, and just start showing this man, some of the taping stuff. ‘Cause I’m starting to run out of voice a little bit. Gettin’ a bit husky. It’ll come back. And, before I do, I wanna go back to something for youse to look at on electric frequencies going into the block. Solenoiding.

The Japanese wanted to make the motors go a bit better and everything else, so they wanted to put aluminium heads on the cast iron motors. Do you know what happened when they did that? First off? Well what took place is, when they turned the key off, the mongrels wouldn’t stop. They kept going. Preigniting. Now the motors aren’t hot. There’s two things you call this: one is dieseling on, when the motor is. But you turn the key off and they keep going. The other thing is when the motor is hot, we call it preignition, Preigniting, DA DUM DA DUM DA DUM DA DUM DA DUM DA DUM DA DUM. If you turn the key back the motor smooths out, if you turn the motor off it keeps going. The other thing is, if you got manual, you put her into gear, dump the clutch.

Right, well. I’ll tell you somethin’ else in that in a minute. Now the Japanese started doing this, so they thought it was the fuel. So they first started making a solenoid. So they made a piston solenoid what shut the fuel down. Do you know what happened then? The motors went faster. That meant no fuel, because they put a piston into the fuel line and shut the fuel off, The motors went faster. They couldn’t shut ’em down. So then, they made an electric solenoid. Now to some vehicles, by putting that electric piston solenoiding effect by driving that piston into the carburettor, stopped some of them. A lot of them it didn’t.

And a lot of them today it doesn’t. What they did, was this. What you’ll see on some of the electric solenoids today and everything else is, that you have your electric solenoid, which is, your coiling, and we know a bloody solenoid; it pushes the piece

16

of metal out of the centre on it, when you create an electromagnetic field. It’ll either pull it in or push it out. You got two different kinds of electric solenoid.

Anyway, so, they’ve got that effect, and they found out that some of them didn’t work. Didn’t shut the motors down. a lot of them went faster. Now, in there you’ve got a positive and to create the electromagnetic field. Now, you can take the piston out, of the solenoid, and your car will start, and run, and when you turn it off it’ll preignite. If your solenoid is only a piston one. If it’s what I’m gunna tell you now, you don’t need the piston. And your car will start, and your car will stop, without that piston. A lot of solenoids, they have them earthing out to the carburettor. So that means that the earth is coming out through that part of it, the outside casing, and the positive must come through some of your wiring. All right? And, it has to be the little piston in the centre which is negative too, because it touches the actual base of your motor, your carburettor.

So some of the wiring is positive. Now, if you take the piston out, you don’t get the fuel shutting off. And your motor will stop and start, without this extra bit on it. The other ones what they couldn’t shut down, you’ll find they have an extra wire coming from the solenoid, and going out and screwing onto a screw on the carburettor or somewhere else. That means they’re earthing out to the base of the carburettor, they’re positively going through the wiring, as well as negative. And there’s another wire comes out of the solenoid and goes over onto the flaming screw on the carburettor.

When they do that, what they’re doing is; you turn the key on, there’s a click in the solenoid, it pulls a piston back, you’re supposed to tap the accelerator, and that gives you a little squirt of fuel because you’ve run dry of fuel. Um, motor runs. Geminis are different. You’re not allowed to touch the accelerator. You got a different solenoid. You touch the accelerator, they won’t start. The other ones, if you don’t touch the accelerator, they take at least five to seven turns over to start.

Now, you turn the key, the click, and she pulls that solenoid, the solenoid works. The motor starts. You turn the car off, the solenoid clicks back in, the piston fires in, and the solenoid shuts down. You know, the electric solenoid shuts down. With the one with the wire on the side, if you take the piston out of the centre, you don’t hear the click, because there’s no metal in the middle. With the solenoid on, you can turn your key, you can start your car. When you turn your car off, the car will stop.

If you pull the wire, the positive wire, what leads up to that solenoid, with the extra wire going across onto the carburettor, with the piston out, if you pull that wire, or with piston in, your motor will not start. If you push the wire on and take the piston out, the motor will start, and it will turn off.

Without the piston in there, if you pull that wire, your motor will not start. The reason being is because, the Japanese found out, that to shut the motor off needed a different frequency. So what the electric solenoid does with that wire on the side is, it sends areversed field. When you turn the key off it sends a field that wire into the block and shuts down the motor the same as that damn well diesel did,

17

It shuts it down. Try and do it any other way, it won’t run. You can take that screw, out of the carburettor what holds that wire on, to the carburettor, that extra wire. You take that screw out, you take that wire off, you put the screw back in, or you don’t even have to; just disconnect that wire, your motor will start with that wire off, or on.

But with a wire off, the motor when you turn it down, will preignite. Is by a reversed frequency, that they are taking off stops or starts your motor. Resistor, changes the frequency stops or starts your motor. Coil, makes a frequency, stops or starts your motor. Timing changes the frequency and the spark stops and starts your motor. Spark plugs, by pulling the lead off or on, changes the frequency, stops or starts your motor.

Do you know how many times in a normal conventional motor, from the battery, through to the spark plugs and in the chamber, that you create an AC to a DC to an AC to a DC to an AC to a DC, um, you know, swapping up and down, up and down, into all your electricals, before, she gets inside your chamber?

Because, did you know that inside the chamber, the AC, will not fire petrol and air? So that means the jumping across the set of points in a spark plug, changes the AC which is coming down the…. Which we know is AC because most people get bitten by it, is AC coming down a spark plug lead, from the distributor cap, out of the coil.

It’s DC into the coil, it’s DC out of the coil. It is only AC as a spark. But the centre of the coil is only a spike. A primary or back to secondary, or vice versa, ’cause you can turn the coil back to front. Now, so, your points open and shut, and it breaks the DC. Out of the centre of the coil comes a spike which is AC, and your AC then will bite you. You touch the battery you won’t get bitten, you touch the headlights you won’t get bitten, you touch the body you won’t get bitten. You can touch each side of the points, you won’t get bitten. Condenser – you won’t get bitten. Resistor – you won’t get bitten.

Only, when the frequency comes out of the points up through as a reverse one from the points, up the condenser, and then back into the flaming coil in the reverse manner, do you get a spike effect. So you got a forward current coming through your primary and secondary, and you’ve got a reverse coming through your primary and secondary, and if you look at magnetic fields and everything else and you got the coiling in two magnets, you get a spike.

They use the spike. The spike is also used for driving the solenoid in or out, as well as jumping across the side of your primary, and your wiring. And that’s where your AC turns up. But, when you turn the key on and when you turn the key off, it takes a DC charge, and interferes with it, there’s an AC.

You come down to your points, and it changes it. Did you know without going right into it, in a standard normal car, with a few little items on it, twenty-three times it changes DC to AC, DC to AC, DC to AC, and you can work your way all the way through. But if you just wanna go standard, go from battery, up to ignition. Turn the ignition on, and you’ve got it to that. You come all the way down, and you only go then down to a set of points if you got to, at the set of points she interferes with it, and then out your coil comes a AC. That AC comes down the lead into the distributor, still

18

comes out the distributor because that rotor button turns around, around and round, still brings the AC out, through the leads, even though it jumps across the, in the flaming distributor cap, she still, by jumping in there doesn’t change it.

Only changes it when it comes down to the spark plug, goes into the spark plug and then from the positive centre electrode, out to the earthing point, it changes it back to the DC ??? Try your hardest to fire a motor on AC, you cannot do it. The early cars and everything else had no points, no condensers, no resistors, no coils, nothing. They had a magneto. A magneto produces what?

Oh, you’re gunna tell me now, AC. Is it? Well you crank up a magneto and see what you get out of it. And out of that comes down – produces both actually, you can use either – but, it comes down to the spark plug only. And the spark plug only, will fire, across the spark plug and change it back to DC. But you can make a motor run, with DC only. That’s all what makes ’em run. AC won’t make a motor run, and make a motor fire.

Now, polarisation isn’t reversing charge. It’s not just reversing charge. All right, now, to describing this. In a battery, you’ve got lead, and lead oxide plate. All the way through, you’ve got two per cell. And you got two volts, per cell. One volt, one plate. So the lead gives you, uh lead is negative. ‘Cause it doesn’t oxidise. and the positive plate, which is oxidant, you know lead and lead oxide, the oxide one gives you a positive.

So you get negative-positive, negative-positive. Lead, lead oxide, lead, lead oxide. Okay? And that’s how you work your way through the plates. Now, remember this. For every action there’s an opposite and equal. Now I’ll tell you about polarisation.

Okay? Now, if you charge a battery, a flat battery backwards, what’ll happen is, the lead plate will unoxidise, and the lead oxide plate will clean itself up, and the oxidisation like chrome plating will transfer to the other plate. So then what you’ve got is the little terminal in your battery, it’s positive, and the big terminal is negative. But that hasn’t changed the battery. That is still doing the same thing.

That is still lead: negative, lead oxide: positive. Okay? Now what we used to do when we were young was this: ah, you know about generators? A generator, on a car. Right. The generator will work backwards and forwards, it’ll work without a battery, it’ll work with the terminals touching the bottom.

 Alternator, they put diodes in to make sure that your current goes the right way through diodes. Now you can have up to eleven diodes, but only three… There’s only three main ones. There is the forward diode when your motor’s going. There is when you turn the key off, the back feed switches into the other diodes.

And you got the little diode, which does the switching. So that you don’t blow the diode. Because see if you feed back in one diode, you blow the diode instantly, so they gotta switch to switch ’em so that they’re both going, but when you turn the key off,

19

your alternator is still turning, and it’s still charging. But when you turn the key off, it stops the input charging, and then you got a current coming through.

If you only had the one diode, she’d blow that diode. That’s the same as pulling the terminal off, you blow the diode. The only way to keep an alternator going without blowing a diode and everything else is to turn a light on. So that’s always feeding out. You understand? So, they give you the switching diodes. Forward and back, and the switching one, right? Okay, now, so when you turn your key on, in your car, with an alternator and a generator, your light comes on to the dash because you got power feeding into, you know to excite it, yes? Good, so your generator light comes on.

Now, if you’re generating properly, if your regulator’s working, for your generator, that’s on the side wall, or the diodes, which has got the regulator built in and everything else too, are working, when you start the vehicle and you get to a certain revolution… Then she reverses the charge. But instead of the input charge exciting the light, she throws backwards. So that down the wire that comes from your battery, to excite the alternator, it then reverses the charge and sends it back up there, back into your battery and that’s how your battery charges.

Yes? Well, close enough to what I understand anyway. Anyway, so, anyway the other light on the generator is only for the ignition light and everything else, you know forwards and backwards and so on, she switches in between the diodes, you know for forward and backwards flow, which is given current, and then it’s a switch which turns the current off to that diode.

Understand? Now, when you’re driving along and the motor’s going, say you’re doing two thousand revs and you turn the key off. Your motor’s still going, your generator’s still going, and your generator light comes on. But it doesn’t blow the diodes. In an alternator, and what happens is, she still feeds, but she’s feeding back the other way. She reverses the feed so that you don’t blow. If your generator, inn, you know the light doesn’t go off when the motor’s going, then you’ll flatten the battery because there’s no charge going in to charge the battery. Understand?

Good, now to excite the alternator… The alternator is earthed out to the body, and you got a power wire from positive down. And that gives an excitement through, but it’s not from the battery down. It’s from the body up. From negative back, isn’t it? That’s where the electron flow is. Good, now when you start the vehicle and everything else, through that wire it sends a charge, back up, into your battery, and charges your battery. Good. Now, what we used to do, on the old FCs’ and the old generators, you can do it with anything, doesn’t have to be an old FC Holden but a generator, right?

You got the regulator box on the side wall, and you got four points on it. One is earth, forget the earth one. The other three points are your coils. They’re you points, right? If you grab a piece of metal with motor not going, the engine not turning, If you short across those three diodes, she becomes a starter motor. She turns, the damn thing, it’ll turn either way. Okay? Now, you understand that, and then you’ve got starter motors and generators all in one go. You just press the button and she shifts, the starter motor and you let her go and she’s a generator.

20

BOB: YEAH, I’VE HAD THAT ON A ROTARY MOTOR, A GERMAN ROTARY MOTOR.

Polarity. What we used to do in the old generators, is on the fire wall of the car with the generator on it. You’ve got four points on the regulator box. One of them is earth. I pass the earth, if you grab a piece of metal, screwdriver, spanner, anything else metal, and you short across those other three points on the regulator, without the motor going, your generator will turn.

And become a starter motor. It’ll bum against the fan belt and everything else. ‘Cause that’s what it is, it’s the same wiring, the same everything else but it’s a generator.

Usually, they will turn either way. Sometimes they usually turn backwards, it’s however they’re kicked in. But they’ll work both ways. Now, starter motor you put power into it, and it drives forward. Generator, you turn it, and it puts power out. You put power, by across those three points on the regulator, and the generator gets power to it, which now becomes a starter motor. But that does not change the charge or the polarity.

Now, think of this. The generator turns backwards. Now, if you start the vehicle, and you short across those three points, what happens with the generator? The generator does not turn backwards, the generator still turns forward with the motor driving it. What does take place in that circumstance then is, she reverses polarity. Not charge, and I’ll explain why it’s not charge.

In the battery, we’ve got a lead and a lead oxide plate we’ve discussed here. The lead plate, because it’s not oxidised, gives out negative. The lead oxide plate gives out positive. You got two per cell, positive and negative. You got two volts per cell, which is one volt per plate. Now, they tell us, scientists and everything else tell us that the oxide plate, gives off positive.

Right? So that’s oxygen one, which is the positive. And that’s what happens in an electrolytical cell as well. The positive gives out oxygen, that is oxidisation. The negative gives out hydrogen, okay? No oxidising. You only oxidise with oxygen. Now, by shorting out the generator with the motor going, the generator still turns forward but what takes place is this. For every action there’s an opposite and equal.

In a battery, if you reverse the charge in a battery and try and charge it backwards you’ll send it flat, and recharge it backwards and what’ll happen is the oxide on the plate, which is oxide plate, will transfer through the liquid, and end up on the lead plate. And then the little terminal will give you, it’ll charge up that way, the little terminal will give you positive, and the big terminal will give you the negative. But your oxide and lead have changed place. So really when you look at the battery you have done nothing. It is still working the same. The lead is giving you negative, and the lead oxide is giving you positive.

But, when you have the motor going with the generator and you short across the regulator what happens is, it swaps polarity. The battery goes flat, and your car doesn’t stop, and it re-charges the other way, but… So you get negative out the

21

positive terminal, and positive out the negative terminal, but the difference is the lead and the lead oxide, don’t change places. The action is opposite.

Lead, doesn’t become oxide. Where if you flatten the battery and recharge it the other way, you’ll end with the same battery as what you had in the first place, only your terminal’s a bit fatter and smaller. But with crossing across your regulator, just cross across it and let it go then, take it off. What happens then is you flatten your battery and recharge it the other way, without changing your lead, and your lead oxide.

That means the electron flows they teach you about scientifically, isn’t… The oxide now is not giving you, positive. It is now giving you negative. We’ve done this thousands of times. That is changing polarity. Right? Now we have, a north and a south on a compass on this earth. The earth has four polarity changes per day.

If you look at the cell, and the shit on the top of the cell, you don’t put your finger in to disturb it… Two to three o’clock in the morning, in that polarity change, the shit will just collapse and fall to the bottom if it’s on the top. Right, we have a polarity change between nine and ten in the morning, and two and three in the afternoon. We have another one between nine and ten at night, and two and three in the morning. So one in two and three in the morning, if you wanna check with hospitals and old people’s homes and everything else, you will find out that the old people’s homes, statistics tell you that most of all the old people just go to sleep and don’t wake up between two and three.

And that’s when most of them all, pass on. If your earth is like that now… Now, if you change the polarity… What I’m gunna show your mate here and everything else while he’s here is, they are talking now in the world, that the earth is going to have a charge swap. A polarity swap, that all the southern hemisphere is gunna become northern, all the northern hemisphere is gunna be southern. And this is what they talk about, the dinosaurs I don’t believe in. The dinosaurs and everything else all decayed out, there’s gunna be freezers and hailstorms and thunders and everything else is gunna bust up. And Australia they tell us gunna be split fair down the flipping middle because of all this.

And all this other things happening in the earth. Well I’m gunna show your mate here, that I’ve already done this effect out in a farm, with a water cell, not with positive charge but with a different thing for water purifying only, it’s an in-line water purifier. And, if you take a compass out and everything else, three or four different compasses I can show you that I have changed the polarity… The charge in the whole paddock, the trees, the paddock, the farm, the house, the water, everything, and you walk away from it and it comes back. The compass comes back to north, but when you go up to the cell, she changes, the whole thing changes to south.

And you can be right away from everything and up in the trees, the compass points to south. We get the compass in some places pointing to west. We get some to east, some to Southwest, some to Northwest. And all the rest, and each one, when it has a difference like that, there’s a different water comes out that tap. We had that cell in line for over three years out there working perfect, dropping out every damn sewerage there is, pollutants, fertilisers, crap, floodwater, everything else and bringing out

22

freezing cold, crystal clear water. Also, in bathtub out there with the water going into it, brand spanking new garden hose put on the end of the tap and the little bit at the end of it stuck down into the water, laying in the bathtub…

The colour green in the garden house is iron. Within a few minutes after putting that garden hose into that water, you pull it back out again, and the bit what was in mid-air, is still green. And the bit what was in the bathtub in that water, is now pure white, There is no green, there is no iron, there’s no nothing in it. And the bathtub has dropped every bit of shit out of it. Out of the water and everything, and you can see it. We don’t have any shit forwards, we don’t have any shit backwards, we don’t have any colour forward or backwards – it charges forward and backwards at the same time.

In fact in flood time we got a clear hole around the foot valve in the river, and there’s no filtration in line. None. And the water doesn’t get hot. and we got a Polythene pipe, laying out in the sun in the summer time, now normal water would get hot. This stuff is freezing cold like it came out of a fridge. And it is so smooth on the throat. If you had a sip now you would not need a drink for a week. I am not kidding, you wouldn’t want it and you wouldn’t need it. It is so satisfying in this water.

The interesting thing about it is, I’m talking about it is, swapping the magnetic frequency, the magnetic polarity of the earth without affecting the rest of the earth, without earthquakes, without everything else happening. I can prove that you can do that. And they’re telling you that the earth is gunna have a swap, and the whole place is gunna be chaotic.

Well how do you just take, one section out of the earth and swap it? And nothing else has a chain reaction. What your mate here’s gunna witness very soon, and nobody gets to watch these tapes on the in-line water cell, that’s one thing I’m protecting for myself at the present moment till I decide what I’m going to do with it so I don’t lose it like all the other stuff I’ve talked about to people over the years and they’ve ripped it off… Shut it up. Pure water’s what we need today, we don’t need cars.

They only pollute. We’ve polluted the water, and we need water, we don’t need cars. I’m just gunna shut off this tape. Just before I do, I was explaining to your mate here, who was talking about people… He knows about people who walk in, around cells, and can discharge the gas. Discharge the cell. Discharge everything else. Stop the actions from happening. When you got…

He’s laughing, I don’t know what he’s laughing about, must be one of youse buggers there are doin’ it eh? Anyway, tell you how to overcome that, if that’s what’s taking place. Because up here we had the car running and everything else, and the sick boy goes out, leans on the mudguard, and the car just dies out. Takes his hand off, she picks up again. Ron Davis just says I want the car for money, and the car stops.

He says I don’t want it for money, and you can restart the car. Um, when there’s a person who affects the cells, who have got a negative charge on their body. I like negative. Negative in one way what we’re talking about is a good charge, like the negative from the negative terminal is cool, non-polluting, non-oxidising, and that’s a good energy. But a negative in ourselves, is what it says.

23

Negative, no good. So, to make you right, so you can go round the balloons, you can go round the cells, and you can go round the cars without affecting them and everything else, this is what you do.

Our bodies are out of alignment. Think of what we naturally do, and we don’t know why do it, when we’re little kids. If we tell an untruth, a lie, and then we go to our parents, and we want to get away with that lie, we sometimes put our hands behind our back.

Crossing our fingers, crosses our fields in our body. And you think, by crossing your fingers, that you’ll get away with a lie. And most people do. But you wonder why you crossed yourself like that? Well our fields are crossed. They’re not in alignment. They’re crisscrossed. To bring that back, we have a battery. We are DC charge, and, so’s the battery, that’s why it doesn’t bite us. If you sit a battery in front of you, and you get your back to the north. And you put the negative terminal of the battery towards your left hand, which will be pointing to the east. You got that? Good. That means that the positive terminal is aiming to the west.

Your back is aiming north and your front is aiming south. The battery itself is negative terminal is north, and the positive terminal is south, but that’s not the way you line the battery up. You sit in front of the battery, stand, I don’t care what you do, don’t cross any part of you. Don’t cross your arms, don’t cross your legs. That is the same as crossing your fingers. And we know with healing and everything else, what people do healing they tell you to sit there and uncross your legs or the flow can’t happen. It shorts out any energy fields.

So, you sit in front of the battery, and you take your right hand and your right hand only first. First and only. Never ever ever, put your left hand on the battery first. Never. Right hand, take it across in front of you, and put your thumb and your first two fingers on the ball inside. Not the sides, and not the back. Three fingers, your thumb and your first two fingers, around the negative terminal. And you wait there for about a minute. And then, you don’t take it back off, you then take your left hand, and put it underneath your right hand, and you put the thumb and the first two fingers on the inside of the ball on the positive terminal. Do not touch your arms together,. so not touch your clothing together. It is a dead short.

And you just leave that on there for say a minute or two, depends on how negative you are. And then as soon as you do that, you remove your left hand first, wait half a minute or so, quarter of a minute, and then you remove your right hand from the negative terminal.

What this is, that will charge your body, and it will align your body to line up with the cells and everything and it will put your body back in alignment in the way it’s supposed to, but it is not a permanent one, it is only temporary. That is not the way to totally change your polarity in your body. That is a temporary change.

The bubbles in the balloons will now relight, when you light them. The cells will now reactivate. The bubblings will go bang where they wouldn’t before. Your car if you’ve

24

got it running, will now run. You will not discharge it. If you go away from the cell, away from the energy cells what you’ve been playing in then, and then come back later, you will need to go back on the battery again. Because you go back to what you have always been, because we didn’t change you. I’ve played with this with thousands and thousands of people.

We’ve got people up here, it is the only way they can get near any of this stuff, and they can prove it to you. They know, they can show you if they walk up and don’t go on to a battery first, and nothing will work for them. And they walk up and go to the battery first and then over and play with the cells and everything else, the cells work. So, when we’re out of alignment, that’s what you gotta do. Always your right hand first. Now, in the, I don’t know whether you heard of the healing process with the water and everything else too, in the kegs and things like that?

It is exact same thing only you don’t cross over. There is always a right hand what goes into the water first, and then the left hand. And then the left hand out first, and your right hand out last. On the terminals of the battery, negative runs to positive. North pole runs to south pole. So, your inside of your right hand, happens to be south pole positive. You put that on the negative terminal. Because the negative terminal puts out north pole. Now in a magnetic field, north and south are trapped.

North and north repel, south and south repel. Opposite equals attract. You want the energy to go in your body and go back out, and flow through you. And you need it to flow from negative to positive, but you need to recross your energy field because it’s out of alignment. So it goes in, crisscrosses across like your fingers, hoping you won’t tell a lie and get caught. It crisscrosses that energy back across your body, and back out your flaming left hand. So it goes in your right hand and out your left hand, back into the battery, you don’t feel a damn thing, and um…. She aligns all your energy fields.

Ah, we’re just watching a bit of a tape here, and it shows the glass container on the I8th of 10 of’95 which Paul Christiansen done on the video tape youse already had. Shows a glass container when I put power into it with plain straight water, you see the white stuff going from the surface down half way and returning, and something from half way going down to the bottom and coming up again. And after I turn the power off, only running for quarter of a minute to half a minute, you’ll see, if you listen, see and listen, that there is bubbling going on after I’ve disconnected the power input.

Only after that short period of time, and I tell on there; that you can draw off that again as bubbling or power or anything else, or electricity. That cell then, lined up properly and everything else, that cell if I hook it up to a two hundred and forty volt bulb, forty watts, it will glow over a hundred and eighty watts or more, brilliant white light that you can’t even look at, with no power input into the water or the cell. And the bulb is freezing cold.

And while that is taking place, the cell, the glass container will produce more bubbles than I’ve ever been able to produce with electrolyte, with flaming putting current in, or anything else happening, it will produce more bubbles as a by-product as well … I’m never lit ’em but, never tried to light ’em to see what was in ’em, but it gives

25

electricity and that electricity is enough to run flaming… Well I’d say half a town. I don’t know for sure but we’ve run a whole, or a couple of houses out of it with every single thing turned on, with no power input. Now, we also, the same container…

Taken a HR Holden headlight out of a car, which is DC. We used an AC light on the same cell, and now we used the DC. We take a thirty-five fifty-five, which is HR thirty-five low beam, fifty-five high beam, plugged it up to there. And with it hooked on, the thirty-five fifty-five, glows brighter than a hundred watt. You put your hand on it, it is freezing cold, and you cannot look at the bulb, while the cell is producing bubbles, as well.

Now, if you’ll hook up your lights to where we put negative in the centre, and where we put positive on the outside, you will blow every bulb, no matter what it is, of any voltage and any wattage everything else, you will blow them instantly.


################################################################################
# [885] JoeCell-TALKS 3
################################################################################

###  JOE TALKS part 3/4, By Alex Schiffer, Update9.3, from http://divadjac.googlepages.com/update9.3 

 “Joe Speak” ; tape-3 

Did I add anything to the water, to the ultra-pure water that Wayne and Brook the government agents brought up? No, if you add anything to the water, it pulls heaps of current, the water goes hot, the gas is no good – not that they’re using the gas. But it just doesn’t work. And plus, if you noticed on the videos and everything else, so far, what you may have had… Anything what is in the water wants to come out to the surface. That is any mineral, any substance, that’s sewerage, salts, coffee, caustic soda, flamin’ acids, scum everything else which I showed you the paperwork of here yesterday, you can look at.

Everything single thing comes out of that water. You do not use an electrolyte to carry any current. If you have to use an electrolyte, then your cell is not lined up. It’s just not lined up right. What happens is, that our normal way that the government talks about conductivity and everything else is, you add stuff to the water. Now like we’ve got Les Banky and everybody else out there making hydrogen/oxygen cells, and to make ’em work and everything else they have to add heaps and heaps and heaps and heaps of caustic or acid. And that pulls heaps and heaps of current.

 Now if you go to Les and check on him and everything else, when I took the water cell down there, he put a twelve volt battery on it, it had plain water in it. He metered it because he’s a TV/video technician, electronics expert and everything else. He put a meter on the cell and everything else, and he said twelve volt input, one sixty-fourth of an amp. And that kicked off as a welder within three seconds flat. It was working as a welder, and there’s not much gas in that time, but you’re not using it as a gas. Right? And that also runs a car and everything else. And what you’ll see in a few minutes is, gas production, after we take Wayne and Brook for a run in the car, what we’re gunna do now is we’re gunna show the car running with the petrol like I said. Then we’re gunna block up the jets as we’ve just come to them? Then we’re gunna run it, show you with that. You know with the jets blocked up. And so on.

 That’s the intermediate high-speed jets completely blocked up, and the idle jet, sixty-nine sizes smaller um, and so on. Now, we put the water cell on, and then the uh, we’ll start the vehicle up, and then you’ll be able to take it over idling. Where with the other way, with just petrol on you won’t. Then we’ll re-set the timing, and bring the timing right around to buggery in advance. You’ll hear the motor smooth out and everything else, and then she’ll go right up to ten thousand revs. Okay, with the jets blocked.

 Then we take off the fuel. Now, after we take these people for a run up the road and back. Right, out on the road for, probably a seven or eight mile run, and then back in again and everything else. Um, I take the cell out of the car again, we check the batteries in the boot. They’re putting meters on every damn thing what they brought, not my metering. They check the batteries, they check the coil, they check everything else what’s happening. They even get voltages, AC and DC out of the plain straight water, and it had no input while it was in that car, while it’s run the car. Now, when the cell is taken out of the car, we add a little bit of charged water into it, because, when it’s running in the car you always have it lower. You know the water in the cell is never to the top.

 BOB: OF THE CASE?

 No. Never to the top of the cell. It’s always down. If you were under vacuum, ah, you will find that the vacuum will suck water straight out of the cell and set its own level anyway. It’ll drop the cell down probably four or five inches. It’ll suck that amount out first to set its own level, then it won’t use any water from there on. All right, but if you lift that water up, which I found in the first place, it will suck that water out if you have it under vacuum. In fact, if you see with a power connected on the fire extinguisher- now that’s a blue one – and the flamin’ cell for the car, if the water is too high, you’ll find that she pumps it out, over the sides and runs over the sides, until she just, gets its own level. It sets that.

 Right? So, when you do that and everything else you leave it down there. Now when I come back to show them how much energy is in this cell, what was just running the car with all of them in it, um, I add a little bit of the charged water which has charge in it, out of the keg, you know, it had a little bit in it, to bring the

 1

 level back up to the top, so they can see the bubbles, and they can see what, see the water. To see what it is doing. Whether it’s running over the sides, or how much energy in it, so we can light it and show you. Now, even with that little bit of tiny charged water in it to bring it back up to the top, you’ll see, put a match to the top, and it goes: ‘pop. pop.’ and then it doesn’t light.

It means that the gas, as a gas unit and everything else, has zero energy in the bubbles. And the main reason is because you’re asking it to do something else. We were asking it to give us the gas to run the car, we’re asking it to give energy, to store in the motor. Into the body, and make that car do another thing, you know like cool the water, and cool the exhaust, and make the motor run and everything else. Where, you know, like, you’ve seen the fire extinguisher, just to give an example, you’ve seen the fire extinguisher, uh, which is on the tape you’ve got.

 Now we, as I explained a little bit earlier on the tape, we took it, and we lit it. The bubbles were pouring over the side, running down sitting on the bench. Right? And they get more violent as they run over the sides, not on top of the water, they get more violent as they run down. So, um, the same cell then was just turned off. we went on to a few other things and then we come back to it, and then I put the cap on the top, sealed the lid and took that white hose off. And then I put it into non-charged water in a glass container, and drove the bubbles underneath the water, what you would call like a flash arrestor. All right, that’s on the video you’ve got.

 And um, when you first do that, the bubbles, what come out on the top, you can’t light em. The reason is, because the gas itself is bringing the charge out of the vessel, out of the fire extinguisher. But the water what it’s travelling through, is non-charged, so the charge factor, what is in the bubbles is um, going into that water which is non-charged, then until it charges up some with the bubbles going through it, you cannot light the gas, coming off the cell. And then when that water picks up a bit of a charge, then you start lighting it on the top. Now you can sit down at home and watch all of this, ’cause you’ve got that video. All right? And then, as the water charges up, you then get all the different gases running through like: pip-pop-pip-pop! as I described before.

 It does probably about, you know you can visibly see about, in here, five or so different gases with the power on. Okay? Now as I run through the process, which is on the other tape you’ve got too, you turn the machine on and you turn it off, and we get an in-suck, you know air sucking in. You turn it on, you turn it off, you get an output. You turn it on, you turn it off, you get a bang. All these different things, we get a variety. Now I’ve gone up to twenty different gases, five, um, between five and ten, depends on which water you got. You know, like you can get a water with minerals and shit and everything else in it, and it has to pull all that out. Now, we run through a whole lot of different gases and that because, each mineral gives a different kind of gas. You know, like if you got a chlorine, you got a fluoride, you got a you know, acid, you got salts, you got everything else. You know, you end with all different kinds of gases but, when you initially break down, when you virtually remove every damn thing that you figure out, out of that water. You know the government will tell you that you have no conductivity in that water at all.

 All right, that’s why we’re showing all this paperwork and everything else before. Now, the water has got nothing in it. But it works, it reacts greater with nothing in it, with these cells, than it does with. That’s the only way to store energy. To keep a cell, which has continuous charge factor, what you were talking about. You know like as electricity or, not bubbles, okay? But what I’m talking about is the energy to run a vehicle, or to run electricity, or to sustain its own field. 

 The um, the cell itself, if you have minerals in the water, you will find, in a normal electrolysis cell, if you add anything into the water, as soon as you turn the machine on, you don’t get any bubbles on the surface, you don’t get a surface tension, but you can produce hydrogen and oxygen. Okay, it’s sort of like you don’t have anything like you see me doing. But as soon as you turn that machine on okay, you’d pulling heaps of amps, as soon as you turn the machine off you’ve got nothing. You don’t have any bubbles with it coming afterwards. You don’t have anything stored in that cell, your not able to light anything again, um, so on like that, you see? 

 2 

 Now, and your cell, soon as you turn the machine off your cell’s dead, your water’s dead. The main reason is because the acids, or the salts, or the flamin’ caustic, or anything else what you got in the water there, it pulls current. And if your water’s ditched, or any electricity, instantly that you turn any input off, it’s used up straight away by the reaction between your minerals, what are in the water. Okay’?

 Now, if you have a water, which doesn’t have any minerals in it, and your cell’s lined up properly, then what happens is, is you’ve got yourself a cell which doesn’t use any excess electricity.

If it makes it or if it stores it, that’s a capacitor. We don’t have enough time to make it a big capacitor, to do what it’s damn well doing, because the amount of electricity what has to produce those bubbles under normal circumstances, is a phenomenal amount of electricity. To produce any kind of bubbling and gas, and you know reactions like that. We don’t put that amount in, we’re only running it for seconds, you know half, a quarter of a minute. It’s not enough to produce bubbles as well, and store anything to run afterwards. In any other circumstances you don’t have anything what goes on into the input.

 What do youse do? And we’re only running for a very short time. Now the more you leave ’em going if they’re running like that, then uh, the greater the bubbles’ performance, the greater the performance goes. But, if you add any minerals like I said into there, it will discharge anything you’ve got into there. So the cleaner the water, it stores energy which nothing can effect.

 BOB: IS IT BETTER TO HAVE ULTRA-PURE WATER?

 Ultra-pure water. What you’re seeing here, these government agencies, Paul Christiansen and all that, he’s been out there and released all these tapes, he can tell you he brought his own water. He had nothing in it, even though he didn’t understand it didn’t have anything in it. Because it was rain water from near the ocean, and that brown shit in that tape which you’ve got in ’95, actually brings this shit out of the water, because, you don’t taste it, you don’t know it, but it’s just got a fine bit of salt mixed in that rain. From blowing off the top of the ocean. And that pulls it out. It takes it out of the water. That water underneath, when you remove all the stuff off the top, it doesn’t have any electrolyte in there, it doesn’t have any caustic acids. But you need to add them, to make standard electrolysis work. But this is not standard electrolysis.

 With electrolysis, shut the power down, you’ve got nothing where there is a sustainable energy. Well these things here, you know, you’ve seen it on the tape that you’ve got, you haven’t seen these other ones here with ultra-pure water, four times distilled, de-ionised, de-magnetised, everything you can do to the water, it is non-conductive in any way the government can tell you. Wayne and Brook brought their own water up here, but that will not conduct anything that you understand as electricity, AC or DC or any other thing. But, with the cell I’ve got, in the configuration of plates that you’ve seen here this morning, there’s no shit coming out of the water. It is showing you absolutely brilliant, white, white as a ghost bubbles and water and everything in it.

 Clean as a whistle compared to the other stuff, isn’t it? And there’s no shit comes out, even when you light the bubbles, and jar the water and do everything else, no shit comes out of that water.

And that water there, instantly conducts, doesn’t it? And it gives you violent bubbles straight away, doesn’t it? And out of those bubbles which you witnessed here, what come out of those bubbles when I lit it? Wasn’t it? EXPLODING out, that white, misty stuff. It just shot out like a cannon out of a bubble right out of a keg. And that was only on for what, not even a quarter of a minute? And we had a whole lot of bubbles on the surface and everything else. And then, after we lit ’em, the power’s disconnected, and it still does the same thing, it still goes bang, it still blows those things out, and then it still on-produces. After a quarter of a minute – now that’s non-conductive water! Ultra-pure, and it is doing more action than what that other one was with Solly’s stuff in it.

And those cells will go on – and they’ll stay like that for ages and ages, and what we’ve got is… You try it with any gases of any kind, get it into a bubble, and see two to three to four days later, that you have the bubbles still sitting on the surface, and those things get more violent after two to three days. Where’s that energy coming from, because you haven’t got ’em anywhere – you can sit ’em on a bench, you can sit ’em on a table, you can sit ’em on anywhere… Take ’em off the cell, and they don’t burst. You go sit ’em 

 3

 somewhere else for a while, and they get more violent. Where’s that coming from? It’s not coming out of water. That’s not coming out of electrolyte. That’s not coming out of electricity input. ‘Cause there’s no flippin’ input.

There’s something about it, I didn’t say I knew what they were doing. All these other people are calling it, first of all they called it vacuum space energy. Well the thing is I didn’t have it under vacuum so you can’t call it vacuum space energy. So when I told people about that they went back to the people who called it vacuum space energy. Now they call it ‘Joe Phenomenon’ because it’s out of zero point energy. I don’t know what zero point energy is. I don’t know whether anybody else does either.

 You see, if we’re creating a vacuum which, what happens in some of these things is… Now I’ll agree in some things. I’ve taken some of these gases off. If you’re looking at some of your ideas on it… I’ve taken some of the gases off, and we’ve got witnesses here and everything else all around the place, that I put some of these bubbles into a balloon. And then, if I don’t cover up my arms and face and every damn thing else there is, and I light some of those bubbles, the in-rushing air to that vacuum-implode going in, actually wipes out – you don’t feel anything -there’s no flame… All the hairs on your arm are aiming – what’s left of them are aiming towards the balloon. You’ve got nothing left on your hands, or your face or anywhere else. It just totally implodes. The air rushes in that fast it just takes – bums off the hairs. And it’s not burnt off, it’s actually sucked them off. Pulled them clean off your arm. Now, your other bubbles, we got there with the yellow flame, an explosion, doesn’t hurt your ears, doesn’t do anything else, doesn’t bum your head, doesn’t do anything.

 Now that is an ex-, you know, and the other’s an in-. All right, so what is ex-? Well you can’t call it eximplosion. Or vacuum. All right, it’s ex outwards. That’s not an implosion, that’s not a vacuum. With the ones we did do, we did it on a variety of things others haven’t really got now, Ian Hakon and all the other jokers and everything else, are now calling it the orgone. I don’t even know what orgone energy is, I’ve never checked it and everything else. Somebody gave me a piece of paper on it, when somebody wrote about orgone energy, what it does. Now, sounds like orgone by what they wrote on the paper, does some of the similar things that this water does. But in all the different cells in all the different ways, they do different things. Not just the one constant thing.

 Cause these people have got it in their head that, one constant thing is, produce the bubble, produce a gas, hook it up to a car, run a stinking car. This is not all that these things are doing.

 It’s not all the way the cells are made. Now fine, all these cells that we’ve got I’ve hooked up to different vehicles, and the vehicles have run. They’ve run different ways, you know, I mean the same sort of thing but, different ways, some are weak and some are strong, some are, you know… Now, but the energy what’s in there but we’re not using a gas. Tried running gas, under vacuum and everything else, but it doesn’t do anything. Doesn’t run the car. Tapes youse’ve probably got and other people’ve got and everything else, putting it under vacuum… Finding out the containers, under vacuum the containers expand. Flaming expanding out, like it’s gunna blow you to pieces, and if the stuff gets out, you’re probably looking like, I’m not joking here, you’re probably looking like what this energy is, is Hiroshima and Nagasaki-type stuff. You know what I mean? Because we’ve um, in Casino and all that before with some of this stuff when I first started, lighting one little bubble on top of the water was shaking and breaking glasses, and shaking four houses down the road.

It was pulling people’s ear drums while they’re half deaf and they’re listening to TV, right across the road, with the TV turned up. Light a bubble, and those people would come across whinging that their ears were hurting because it imploded them right across the road. That’s old Edgar. And we got me son and everything else with his mates, four rooms away with all the doors and walls and everything else all shut up, and you light one bubble what sucked air, and this was the government agent too working for ASIO, one itsy bitsy tiny little bubble sitting on top of plain straight water, on me son’s pool table, in two litres of water… It sat 

 4

 there for over twenty minutes while we were outside talking, we come back in, and he says, oh nothing’s happening with the cell. I said well’s there’s one tiny little bubble, how ’bout we light it?

 He said, oh it won’t do anything. So we put a match to it, and this is the guy that’s got that F 1 00 to lift off the ground. Anyway, ??? light the bubble and everything else, the two litres of water instantly went straight out of the cell, up under the roof, all over the light, and then fell straight back down over us and all over me son’s pool table. Him being four rooms away with the doors shut and everything else, him and his mates come out with their eardrums hurting like buggery.

 And that was one itsy bitsy tiny, tiniest bubble you could ever see. And it went into the water, and threw the whole two litres of water clean up into the air. We’ve got quarter-inch bullet proof glass, what I had on the side verandahs what I had in the window, quarter-inch stuff, and it cracked the damn stuff, smashed it. Rachel here, sitting here, has seen by me lighting the bubble, she’s seen me being picked up, and taken across the other side of the room and deposited. sat down, she was hanging out the window and I lit a bubble on the top and it just picked me up. I didn’t feel it, she said it picked me up and threw me across the room. I didn’t feel being thrown across the room, I felt, oh just picked up, moved, and sat down again.

 Ah, we’ve shot electricity from lighting these bubbles, we’ve shot electricity out both, um where you put your leads on, both leads, right around the flaming house. Right around me shed here, shooting right around the shed. It goes into screw drivers, out the other side. Throws the screw drivers around the room. We’ve got balloons just blown, burnt, just sitting on the bench, with nothing in them burnt to cinders. We’ve got jumper leads with the steel, you know, gripper on the end, and the copper wires… The copper and the steel has burnt apart at that point, just absolutely burnt, and they weren’t even connected to the cell when I lit a bubble, they were… We put the battery on with the jumper leads, and then charged the water up, and a few bubbles on the top. I disconnected all that, and then this electricity jumped out of the flaming cell when I lit the bubble, went into those leads, and blew those two metals apart, and burnt it to cinders.

 Right? We’ve got bits where we’ve been lighting bubbles on the top of a cell, and coming out of my little finger, straight out of my little finger, no flames no nothing, a little pin hole of light jumps out, puts a hole in me finger, takes blood and everything on top of the cell. The cell blows to oblivion, and sucks it inwards. Sucks the top of a curved lid, right down inside. We’ve got people over there, Jack Lew and all them who have witnessed this, and then from it, after it did that, it shot electricity around the shed, all over the shed. And then, from the cell, went straight back in, about a sixteenth of an inch, beside, where it come out of my finger, and my finger just, little finger blew up like a balloon like it was smashed, and it went black as charcoal.

 And the next-door neighbours, which is the two German guys, the’Lew guys, Jack and Jack… They were in there having lunch, and they reckon that the bang – they jumped nearly to the roof, while they were eating dinner. And I went in to see them. They said, what’d you do? And I showed them me finger, and they couldn’t believe it. And in a split second me finger was up as hard as a rock and so on. Now, one of the holes what come out of, something come out of it, and set the cell off. That healed up by the next day. But where it went back in again, it took about three weeks to heal that hole up. Now I don’t understand that, but that’s what took place. I’ve had some phenomenal sort of happenings happen, you know what I mean’.?

 We’re talking about up here on the front lawn, Rachel was here as well, at that stage. And I’ve only got her here, but she doesn’t talk very much… But me son, screaming, white as a ghost shaking when the cell first kicked in and everything else, white as a ghost, because it blew his motor up, it didn’t blow his motor up. It was revving like mad, you know going right up to sixteen thousand revs, and it lost all its noise. And the neighbours complained here. And we’ve got, the little boy’s out here, who’s a sickly fella, my son’s girlfriend’s brother, he goes out and he leans on the mudguard with his hand, and the car dies out. Tell him to get his hand off and the car picks up again. Nobody touches anything, that’s all he does is lean on the mudguard, you know?

 I don’t know, we got some phenomenal stuff happening around here you know. That’s not all, that’s just some of this stuff. Sorry, in plain straight water we take a, you know the socket bar, you know the

 5

 sidchrome, long socket bar? In plain straight water, and put a battery onto it. Nothing else in it, just put a couple of plates into it, not two, you know you don’t have your neutral plates. Put that in, and about a half a minute later, you have no, excuse me, you have no iron bar left – what you’ve got in the bottom of the bucket is about an inch of powder. Just all powder, you tip the water off, you put your hand in and you’ve got iron powder. It just totally turned the bar into powder. Now Peter Stevens was there for that, so was Ron Davis who is dead now, can’t get him to verify it. And so was a heap of others. I don’t know whether Cliff was there at that stage and everything else, I so. And, a lot of other people who were on the videos in the past.

 They were there and I put the iron bar in, and I turned it on, and we ended up with flamin’ iron filings on the bottom of the container in plain water straight away. It just turned the bar into iron filings. What your mate’s gunna see here and everything else is this welder, very shortly after I’ve run through the process in the car, we’re gunna go straight onto the water welder I’ve got. Which has no flame, no hole in it, you don’t light it, no power input. It’s plain straight water, and this is off the fire extinguisher. Okay what we lit up there earlier and everything else, and you’ve seen going. Uh, with the lid on it, and sealed up, there’s no gas production, no nothing. I don’t light it, I put it on me face, on me hands and everything else. There’s no flame, it doesn’t burn. It’s cold, it’s nothing there. It’s cold because there’s nothing there. And then I put it down to a steel bench, it’s a bit of steel, and what your mate here’s gunna witness and everything else, is the steel catch alight.

 In front of it off the end of the torch, by putting it there for not even a second type thing, or maybe a second only, and the steel catches alight, and the steel keeps burning, when I take the torch away. And I keep talking to these government agents for a fair while, and then I lean back and I have to blow the flame out. And then put it back, the torch on me hands and face again, it doesn’t burn. I put it on their hands and face, and it doesn’t bum them. And then I hold up, just a rubber party balloon, with nothing in it, just straight up in front of the camera with no tricks or anything else, put the torch on my face, put the torch on my hand, and then bring the torch up closer to this rubber balloon, and in front of your eyes, with no flame out of that torch, the rubber balloon just atomises into flame. And then that flame, which is burning the balloon, it bums my hand, cause I go ouch. But the torch doesn’t bum my hand. But it just pre-combusts it in front of us.

So this energy is having a reaction against the atomic structure of the materials and just combusting them. The pre-combustion you’ve heard of and everything, just pre-combusts the balloon in front of your very eyes, with no flame. But the government or anybody else weren’t interested in the torch, in the welder. For doing that.

 BOB: ????? WHAT WAS THE REAL REASON THEY WERE THERE ??????

The real interest was just to come here and stop me playing around with cars. They weren’t interested in another thing which is on tape which you may have witnessed and everything else… We tried many experiments, and we got, we got a little vacuum pump, you know the little battery twelve-volt vacuum pumps. You’ll see it here, you have one for cars, pumping up your tyres and so on like that, just a small one. We hooked it up to um, the fire extinguisher. And um, when you’ve got these vacuum pumps, they’re only a plastic piston – you can stick your fingers over the two holes. One hole, two holes, it doesn’t matter. And they will just keep going, you can’t stall them, because they will just override. The piston has no strength there and overrides and runs all day long. Can’t bum them out. Now, you hook them up to the fire extinguisher, and put them under vacuum, and you vacuum suck out. With no power turned on, the vacuum pump still keeps pumping.

 You can stick your thumb over the end of the hose what’s coming out of the pump, and it’s just hooked up a hose from the input of the vacuum pump to the stainless fire extinguisher. And it just vacuums the air out, it doesn’t do anything else. We were doing it by trying to vacuum gas out and then pump gas forward, understand?

 6 

 So what took place within about a half a minute, was the vacuum pump, just kept pumping on and everything else so we decided to turn the power onto the stainless container, just put a twelve volt battery on it. Soon as we did that, the flamin’ motor, not the pump, the motor in this vacuum pump, seized up and burnt out. Just seized up. Anyway, there was no flames, no burning or anything else. When I say seized up, it just stalls out. And then, you know it just didn’t work again. So then what we did was, and you’ll see it here. You’ll see the vacuum pump’s still there, so we took off all the main end wirings, and we got a great big electric two forty volt electric fan. And we took the fan blade off, and we made up in the lathe, we made a little brass fitting, like as a connector, like a shaft. So we could screw that onto the shaft of the vacuum pump, and then hook the other end of it onto the fan blade, where the fan blade goes onto the motor, and screw it onto there.

 And then I mounted it onto a steel frame. So we got this little machine now. Instead of having a DC, because the DC is affected when we turned the power on. And your mate here’s gunna see this, with the government agents here and everything else, I’m gunna explain that to ’em, and they seen what happened and everything else. Now, hook it up to two forty volts, and that turns the fan. Now, don’t have the power turned on to the fire extinguisher, but just have it, you know, connected to the cell like I said, and that’s vacuuming, it’s sucking, and blowing. And the pump just keeps going, and it’ll keep going. You stick your finger over it, it’ll keep going. Turn the power, on to the cell, go that now the cell will be producing some gas energy of some sort, or whatever. And then what happens to the motor, the AC motor, is the same thing with what happened to the DC one. She just slows down and stalls. Now, with an electric motor, if you stall one, they sit there and they go CWWOORORORGGGR! They won’t turn, they’ll just sit there and make a big humming noise and then finally bum out. This damn thing doesn’t do any humming.

It stalls it, there’s no humming. there’s no shorting out that you can hear in the motor. There’s no nothing takes place. All right? And what the government agents by witnessing this and everything else, said something, maybe you might be able to remember it, when I show it to him on tape, some other energy which they’re talking about, which they think is actually coming out of the cell, going back down, and it’s actually transferring or annihilating the AC. Now, what you do is, that just stalls that motor, you cannot turn that shaft with your hands, you can’t turn it. It’s sort of like the vacuum lock-up we talked about prior. But the motor doesn’t bum out or hum or do anything else. Now, you can turn the power off again, disconnect your battery or your rectifier or anything else from that cell, and straight away the motor re-starts itself. The pump starts itself again. And you turn the power back on again, and she just goes BWWRR! and stalls it again. You turn the power off again, and away it starts itself again, and it doesn’t bum out, You can leave it there stalled, that AC stalled, with the power turned on at the cell all day long, and you can’t bum that motor out.

 BOB: WHAT SIZE MOTOR DO YOU THINK IT WILL STALL?

 Well I think it will stall with any motor because, you think of this… When you’ve got an AC, and you’ve got a rectifier, to produce DC. What happens to the AC? You haven’t got any AC there then. You have at the start of it and everything else but then what you’ve got out the other end is DC. Now when you’ve got DC and you wanna produce AC, where is the DC? All right, well you haven’t got any. Okay, so looking at it best I can and everything else is, we’ve got AC coming down to that motor to turn the pump and everything else, we’ve got another energy field which is in these bubbles, which produces electricity of its own kind. A different kind, because our normal electricity we’re talking about going into that DC pump motor, and into the AC motor is… It produces heat. IF we hook it up to a light it produces heat. If we hook it up to a heater it produces heat. If we sort of back it up, it produces heat under pressure.

 This kind of electricity, as I described before and everything else… We’ve got an AC light, and it makes it glow brilliant white. Instead of a two forty volt, forty watt light just yellow and dull, and it’s hot anyway if straight away you turn it on, this thing here is freezing damn cold, not ice cold, freezing cold, and it’s a brilliant whitest white light you can’t even look at. Now that’s with the AC. All right? now, DC like I said on the Holden headlight, they’re only a yellow light, not a very bright light. Now when you hook the cell up to that, the light is over 180 or 200 watts, what you would look at classing as that in brilliant white light, but

 7

 you can put your hand on the bulb, and the glass and everything else, put your hands right up to it – you’ve go allot people who can verify that. And it’s cold, freezing flipping cold, and it’s producing this brilliant white light. So is it sort of producing like a rectifier, takes AC and produces DC, so there’s no AC there? Won’t shock you or anything else.

It’s not sort of like another energy which then your AC which turns the motor at that stage, it’s not there to turn the motor. You know it’s running a field through, and that is not shorting it out, it’s not storing it up, it’s just either annihilating it or changing it, or it’s not working for you at that present time, and as soon as you turn off the power to the cell, bingo! Your AC starts working the motor again. I don’t know, I never went into those things too much. They weren’t even interested in that either. But she didn’t even want to know about that kind of field. They mostly interested in, let’s have a go in this car then, they call them h-particles, or they slip the tongue and call it hydrogen. Now how can it be the damn hydrogen when we’re not producing the gas, we’re not putting electrolysis in, we’re not putting charge to it, we’re not hooking a big hose up to the vacuum in the car… How can they call it flaming h-particle or hydrogen going into a motor and making the motor run, when we’re not producing the damn stuff, what you would call hydrogen? As a gas.

 Very dumb people out there some places, you know? Oh, they’re maybe not so dumb. Well, what we’re going to do is, we’re going to get on with this now. On the end of the last tape, I just remembered, on the end of the last tape what cut off, right at the end, we were talking about the effect of this energy coming out of the cells when it’s lined up properly. No power input, and the electricity which is stored up, or whatever is stored up in this water, plain straight water, turns these lights on. How we hooked it up and everything else was, if you hook up where you charge the water initially, you got neutral plates in there but… You hook up the positive, and negative with the wires to turn the light on.

 What takes place is that, if you hook it up to positive and negative, where you hook your leads up, you blow every light. Doesn’t matter what size or anything else. What you gotta hook up to is one wire on the negative, and then you go on to any neutral plates. And that’s what turns them on. You go to either the positive, and then across to neutral, it turns them off. As soon as you go to positive and negative you blow everything. Lights are working, they’re cold, real bright light, no heat in them whatsoever, no power input, and while that’s taking place as I said, the cell itself puts out more bubbles from off the plates than we can produce with power input, than I’ve ever done with electrolysis, with you know putting anything into water, or putting nothing into water. While it’s pulling electricity off we get phenomenal amounts of bubbles, and as I said, for some reason, I’ve never ever tried to light one of those bubbles to find out what was in them. I wasn’t interested.

When you do finally get a cell working on a vehicle and everything else, what you’ll find is that after a period of time when your whole motor and your whole car and everything else charges up, you can disconnect your cell. You don’t need to run with the cell on the vehicle. Because what happens is, that she charges up everything else and, you don’t need the water, you don’t need the cell, you don’t need connections, you don’t need anything else and your car on goes. The Rover, checked by RTA and everything else, plus Professor Ron Davis and everything else, down at Taree, Mt George…. It sat down there for three months. And run out of registration, it had no cell on it, nothing else, no fuel in the tank. After three months of sitting and never being fired up or anything else, just went straight down there, hopped into the vehicle after three months of no cell on, hit the key, we had to put a battery into it. Hit the key, fired it up, and drove it two mile up to the shed.

 No cell. You don’t need a cell on after this energy gets in and completely saturates your motor, your body, your everything else. You do not need it. And what your mate’s gunna see here, can’t show youse on the cassette tape but, what your mate’s gunna see is, the energy transfers across atmosphere. Across rooms. What we’re gunna do, is we’re gunna take in front of these government agents to prove this and talk about it and everything else. We’re gunna take some charged water which is only charged for about a minute, a couple of days prior. It’s never been turned back on again. We don’t need the plates in the water, it’s plain water what they brought up this ultra-pure four times distilled water. Couple of days later, from when we

 8

 first originally charged it for about half a minute, we’re going to not turn it on, not do anything else to it, just sit in me shed, we’re gunna send the government agent over to my mum’s tap, and take water out of the tap to a plastic bucket.

 A pink plastic bucket. He’s gunna bring it back and he’s gunna sit it down in the shed.- It doesn’t have to be very close to the cell. And we’re gunna stand around and watch it for a couple of minutes, and the water what come out of the tap is clean. Just like what you drink. Depends on where you are and what it looks like, but this is clean. Melbourne water’s green.

 So he just put it into a bucket. Do not do anything else. And within a few minutes of standing around, what will happen is, the water in the keg which has been priorly charged you know for that half a minute, it won’t move. But the water what’s in the bucket will start turning clockwise because the water what was in the keg turned anti-clockwise earlier.

 Two days earlier. Now, that is a figure-eighting effect. Our water turns, which is on video tape, which this fella here will hear shortly, when we’re charging the water, this is a government agent watching this and then he explains for his own videotape which your mate here’s gunna watch, which I don’t possess remember… Um, he’s going to explain on the tape here that, the fully charged water what you do is, if you’ve got any minerals or shit in the water, the water will turn anti-clockwise, if it’s charging the right way. Anti-clockwise until all the shit’s out of the water. And when all the shit’s out of the water it will stop turning.

 And that then is fully charged water, for that water at that stage. Okay.? Now, that water then, just remove all the shit off the top and everything else, it stops turning when all the shit’s out. If you store all the shit back up into the water and everything else, you know mix it all back in, and so on like that, turn power on and it wants to bring it back out, you know doesn’t mix back in but dirties the water – it will turn, the water will turn until all the craps back out of the water again.

 And it will stop turning. Now, with the figure-eighting effect, this bucket of water put down beside it, in our water up here we’ve got aluminium, you know alum, fluoride, chlorine, you know, thousand and one other things you know they put in the water to clean it up. Take the smells out, take the colours out, take everything else out because our stuff comes out of a flaming Boree creek dam out here, it’s just dirty water out there… And they don’t take it out they lock it in. So, we put this bucket down beside the keg, we don’t turn the keg on. We don’t even have the plates into it. You don’t need that.

That water has now got a charge into it. What happens within a couple of minutes is, that within the plastic bucket sitting anywhere in the room near it, we will end up with probably two to three inches of solid shit. Crud. On the bottom. And the water is that crystal clear you can’t even see the water in the bucket hardly. That’s so crystal clear, and all the shit on the bottom. Now, what we do then is, tip this water out of that plastic bucket into another bucket, stir it up.

 It goes brownish. Okay? And it goes back into a brown colour. And the government agent asks, now was it that colour when we put it in there? I said no, it’s just normal tap water, the colour. But now it’s back to the colour of the dam. When they pulled it out of the dam, before they put the alum and chlorine and fluoride and all the rest of the shit in there. It’s dirty. So we tip it out of the other bucket back into the pink bucket, and sit it down on the ground again. We don’t turn the cell back on.

 We don’t charge the water again. We don’t do any of that. We just sit the bucket back down again, on the ground, near the keg, and we wait a few minutes. And within a few minutes, all of that crud, which your mate here can verify, is just gunna fall straight out of the flamin’ water, and you’re gunna end up exactly the same as you were before with all that shit on the bottom. And the water so crystal clear on the top you can hardly see it. It’s just gunna fall out. And that water there doesn’t need ever putting into a charger, into a cell or into anything else with plates in and turn any power on, that is now charged water. You can’t get a dam bit of any pollutant to stay in that water, if you take it out of that bucket and put it anywhere else, and put anything into it, any other contaminant. You can put caustic soda into it, it’ll fall out. You can put salt into it,

 9 

 It’ll fall out. You can put acid into it, it’ll come out. You can put sewerage into it, it’ll come out. You can put flaming dirt into it, it’ll fall out. You won’t get a damn thing into it.

 And if you take that water to the universities to have it analysed, they will tell you that this water has nothing in it, which we’ve got paperwork here on, and it will not conduct. It is nothing in there, with no salts, no nothing, with no conductivity. You put that into a cell and everything else, and the flipping thing rages straight away and never pulls any shit out. It just goes, you can put it into a cell instantly. And violent bubbles, instantly. Never pull any shit out of it. And your mate here’s gunna witness that, so he can tell you. If he doesn’t witness that, he won’t tell you that.

 Okay, we’ll just here, witness the little Escort, being transferred over. Yes? From the petrol to petrol and cell. And from the petrol and the cell, to running a clean out, and then running the cell all by itself. And then taking some government agents and everything else, for a pretty good run up the road. And, was it or was it not going well over seven thousand, in tacho readings? Correct?

 BOB: YES.

 Correct. Um, with all the jets blocked up and everything else, and no fuel on board. Um, different sounds in the motor, everything else. Ice on the exhaust. Wasn’t there before, I didn’t make that too clear to this man here, but I gave him a view of a black exhaust with to start with, and then all this white stuff all over the exhaust. I’m not going into too many things with it. Now,’ we’ve also witnessed the water dropping out of the cells in buckets without any power charge. Watching energy fields of all different kinds, we’ve also seen the water welder yes? No flame?

 BOB: YES.

No heat? Lighting steel and keeping it burning? And atomising a balloon into flame right in front of your eyes? Without any flames.

 BOB: AND WITH NO GAS.

No gas, no flame, only the balloon catches alight and then it’ll bum you.

 BOB: NO HOLE IN THE END OF THE TIP.

 No hole in the end of the tip. Now, on top of that he has now witnessed what not many other people have witnessed either, and a couple of times, he’s witnessed the drag car on the drag track. He’s written down the times and, a quarter mile. What in seconds does it do?

 BOB: 4.71.

4.71 seconds. That’s it. Was there any acceleration before… any acceleration in the motor before…

 BOB: NO, JUST A BANG AND THEN OFF!

 There was no revving of the motor prior to the people counting to zero, or the clock changing to green? It was on idle. And you could see that with the white vapour pouring out of the back of the vehicle? Soon as they count to zero, and the clock’s changed, touch the accelerator and, what? Motor explosion?

 BOB: JUST ONE BANG.

No flame? No wheel spin? No wheel stand?

 10

 BOB: NO WHEEL STAND

 And in camera shot?

 BOB: PRETTY BRISK.

 Got out of camera shot a few times. All right? Okay. And it broke, and it says so, it broke all the track records, but then they eliminated this track record. You can’t find them, somebody’s taken them off the list again. This was done in front of thousands of people yes? What you seen?

 BOB: YEAH, IT WAS ON THE SCREEN.

 In front of a crowd. All right, now the other thing I want to explain to you is about… We can go on to something different here. I want to talk about to mechanics, and to everybody else, about the power of vacuum, compared to the power of pressure. Now, mechanics of some sort should know… Let’s look at a Falcon six-cylinder motor for a second. Look at any others, but just that one for a second. If we start a Falcon motor too fast, start it up too quickly and accelerate, some times in Falcon motors, they bend the push rods. And they’ll only bend one, in one cylinder. Now, that means that bending one push rod, the valve isn’t working. Okay? Now, you’ve got a miss in that motor. The motor still goes and everything else, it just bent the push rod, and that valve now isn’t opening and shutting. Happens stacks of times with Falcons. Now, if you ever had it happen, what takes place is that, if you try and accelerate, you’ve got a six cylinder Falcon motor against one valve push rod bent, one valve not opening. You try and accelerate, and that motor, if you hold the accelerator down, it will only rev a little tiny bit, and then start to die out. and if you hold that acceleration open, it will not keep the motor going, it will stall, completely stall the engine.

One valve pressure, against five other pistons. Now if you have ten cylinders, and you try and rev it up, one valve not opening, that is a vacuum in the cylinder instead of a pressure, that one valve, being bent, that one cylinder will stall ten cylinders against their compression and fire, greater than a six cylinder. If you hold the cylinder down and try and accelerate, it will not accelerate out, it will stall if you hold the accelerator open. It will just keep going until the motor stops. But if you don’t wait until the motor completely stops, you can just back off the accelerator, which will go back to idle, and she’ll just have a miss in it. But you try and accelerate up, and she will just stall the motor up with that BRRBRBRBBRRRR! You understand?

If you’ve got a twelve cylinder motor, it will do it greater. So you’ve got eleven cylinders against one, and it is faster for seizing that motor, stalling that motor, not seizing, stalling that motor. And all you’ve got in that cylinder is no compression, really. It’s not so much no compression, it is actually holding back under vacuum. One cylinder against eleven, in a twelve cylinder motor, stalls it greater than one cylinder out in a six cylinder. You mechanics, you think about that, and all the other people. You don’t think that happens, go and try it. Go out to one of your motors and everything else and pull out one of the push rods.

 Start it up, and try it. You think that compression would be greater than vacuum, but vacuum will stall, the more you put against it, the more it will stall. Everything else, could be one to a thousand times greater power, than what pressure is. But we run on a pressure motor. But now you figure out what is eighty degrees advance. Plus more, in some motors, eighty degrees advance timing. Is it exploding? Is it imploding? Is it… What’s it doing? Well, now I’m going to give you what we’ve already done the analysing on, we’ve got the analysing of this, compression tests and everything else.

At eighty degrees advance, the only thing we’re talking about there is the spark igniting. That’s where our motor fires. With no petrol, the only other thing you can say is going into the motor is air. There’s no gas and so on. And the energy which is charging that air. Eighty degrees advance, we have taken out one of the spark plugs out of the V8 motor, that’s the 3500 Rover motor. And at eighty degrees advance timing, as the spark fires, it creates an implosion in the bore, and implosion, right, vacuum takes an expanse of space, the same

 11

 as pressure, takes an expanse of space. For every action we apply the same thing. There is an opposite an equal reaction. Well, what we are told, and it happens this way, but it also happens a different way… Vacuum eliminates pressure. So if we had a vessel with some pressure in it, we created a vacuum we wouldn’t have any pressure in there. Now, this is not a very good view of it, but it gives you some understanding. If you have a vacuum cleaner, in the front of a vacuum cleaner, you have a suck. At the other end of a vacuum cleaner, you have a pressure. Now inside these cylinders what we found is, that a normal engine, standard 3500 Rover motor, on normal petrol and air, at the top of the stroke, for compression we run somewhere around about 140 to 150 pounds compression. It’s not a real lot, but that’s what we were reading. That’s at the top of the stroke. When we had one spark plug out of the eight cylinder, and at the very given point that the spark fired, we took a compression reading at the top of the spark plug where we put our gauge, we had four hundred and twenty five pounds of compression against the hole where the spark plug came in, but we were creating a suck on the piston.

What happened was there was a suck, pulling the piston upwards, and all the compression what we have compressed, up to the eighty pounds, because from the bottom of the stroke to the firing point of 80 degrees, before top dead centre, we start a small amount of compression. That small amount of compression went in front, like the vacuum cleaner, it went in front of the vacuum. So the vacuum in this stage did not annihilate the compression. For every action there’s an opposite and equal. In one case, vacuum annihilates pressure, pressure fills a vacuum. In this case, vacuum applied and sucked the piston, and blew like the vacuum cleaner, the compression ahead, up against the spark plug hole where our gauge was. It’s not up against a head gasket, but it is definitely up against the of the head valves.

 Now, when the piston got tot the very top of the stroke, we have measured it. It is 830 to 850 pounds compression at the piston at the top of the stroke. Now if you injected 850 pounds compression, into a motor which wasn’t even going, through spark plug hole, with a piston at the top of the stroke, how fast does your piston go to the bottom? So, if you’re looking at trying to figure out what’s happening in these motors is, get two people, we’re gunna do it here to show this man, youse get two people. And you get one person with his fist closed, and you have his elbow bent, and you just push your flat hand up against his. And he starts like the piston and starts to compress, push against your hand. When he starts to compress, do what an implosion would do. Wrap your fingers, while he’s pushing against you, against but over his fist, and pull forward. And what you’ll find is, all of his weight will nearly drop him flat on the ground.

 Because he’s got all of his own weight behind the fist to push. In your motor, you’ve got a fly wheel. You’ve got the weight of the motor, you’ve got the weight of the vehicle pushing you ahead. If you’ve created a vacuum, with the weight of all that plus the compression against the piston pushing up, and then you created no friction. A straight pull forward, the same as a person, pushing against your hand, just falls now forward, with all his weight behind it.

That’s what resistance does, in the car while it’s driving along the road. And plus if it’s just sitting there revving, you’ve got the crankshaft weight, you’ve got the flywheel weight, and you’ve got the other pistons, which are pushing down the stroke on their power stroke and everything else. Pushing against that one which is coming up as well. Now at 830 to 850 pounds in a V8 Rover at the top of the stroke, releasing that poundage on the downstroke, because now when the piston hits the top of the stroke, on the power stroke downwards, 825 to 850 pounds of push, will definitely drive that piston down extremely quickly. Extremely quickly. We only need a radiator, we only get friction, we only fight ourselves, there is only a limitation of speed in our motor, on the compression stroke because we’re fighting against our compression. Plus, we’re pulling the weight of the vehicle. Pulling the weight of the vehicle as well.

 Now, as you look at the Falcon motor, vacuum can stall out, the more you put against it can stall out more. Twelve cylinders, for one valve. One push rod out of that, or drop one valve. Just make a valve not work, and she will stall eleven others under compression. And that one isn’t even firing. The vacuum one isn’t even firing. But it stalls the rest of your motor. In these motors.

 12 

 Now, we’ve got a radiator in there, because in our bore, we’ve got friction, compression, which creates heat. So the radiator, needs to cool down the motor, or we melt it. Plus, we’ve got explosion of fuel and air, firing which creates heat in there as well. So, definitely the radiator. Why do we get ice on our radiator cap and ice on our exhaust in these cars? Because if you’re vacuuming a piston up the bore, the same as when a person falls forward when you grab ’em and give ’em a yank. When they’re pushing against you, it takes away all friction. And then when the piston hits the top and starts pushing itself down that’s on the power stroke, there’s no weight against that. That’s a free run. It’s not where you get your heat from. You start cooling when she goes down. If she starts heating up under compression, just grab a pushbike pump, stick your finger over the end of her push pipe up, and let a little tiny bit of air out, it’ll bum the end of your finger.

 Let a lot of air out in a big hurry, and it won’t bum your finger. So it’s restricted in air, compressing it. The more compression, the more heat. That’s why the radiator, that’s why the exhaust heat, and with explosion, the exhaust pipe’s hot. With implosion, opposite effect. Then you can figure out then, what takes place. We did discuss valve bounce to people on the tape did we? Just you. Mechanics, I’m give a very short little thing, and anybody else out there.

Valve bounce, what does that mean to you in a motor. Well most people say, that our motor is turning over that damn fast, that our valve stays open, because it can’t shut fast enough. So, rev a motor up and it starts revving out and out and out, and then it hits its what we call valve bounce, where she just goes BWRRBWRRRBWWRR! And won’t go any faster, because a valve is keeping itself open, because it can’t go any faster. It stays open, it can’t shut. Now we can do a couple of things, we can put double valve springs on, so that puts more tension on it, sucks it closed a little bit more, and we get a little bit faster out of it, and it still valve bounces.

 Okay, you could probably say then yes, okay it’s valve bounce. What is a speed that a valve can open and shut? What is a speed that a piston can go straight up to the top, and stop and go straight down again, so how fast is the up and down stroke? Is there a limit to it anyway. Now, so, without replacing double valve springs in a motor. We have a motor what will valve bounce under normal conditions on petrol and air, timing and everything else. Nothing else put onto it. Let’s make it a really monstrous motor. 300 cubic inch, in a bore. From the intake valve opening, to the bottom of the stroke, till the intake valve shuts, under atmospheric pressure, which is 14 and half pounds per square inch, we pull 300 cubic inches, because that is what you can fit into that bore under those conditions.

 The intake valve shuts. We start compressing. As we start compress, we get something called blow-by. We lose some of that 300 cubic inches past the rings. We build up a compression, we hit the top of the stroke, just before the top of the stroke, somewhere round about 3 to 8 to 22 degrees advanced timing, spark fires. Fuel gets hot, air and fuel gets hot, starts expanding, and we lose a little bit more past the piston. Air gets really hot, heat loss and everything else, then we go over the top of the piston, and down the power stroke, and the piston starts pushing to the bottom. When we filled that chamber, we needed the valve open to put 300 cubic inches from top to bottom. Do we have that 300 cubic inches anymore? No we don’t, because when she goes down the power stroke, as she goes down the power stroke under the heat, she doesn’t expand anymore, she starts to cool. Fuel and air starts to cool. As it starts to cool, it starts to shrink. We don’t have 300 cubic inches of air in there anymore, anyway. Because we lost some on the up stroke. Through blow-by.

 We lost a lot more at the top of the stroke under explosion and heat. We now cool, and the piston gets so far down the bore, and she’s now starts to create a vacuum. And the vacuum as we explained is far greater than compression. And she just grabs a valve, and sucks it open. Now, to explain that, you can add the extra double valve springs if you like. But we’re not gunna do that for a second, we’re gunna explain something else to youse. Standard motor valve bounces at 5000 revs, what we call valve bounce. Normally the way you ask them to draw it in, which I said with the split manifold for starting the vehicle. All right, it’s a difficult thing to start. So if you just like, sort of like a dry motor, and so on like that, we used a Webber, and they were using a Toyota carburettor, you know pump and everything else and different kinds. He had some photos, and those photos, there was no photos taken when of what we did that. No photos be brought back here of it, or tape of it, that Paul said didn’t turn out. And they’re not on the video tape which you’ve got,

 13

 which is the full videotape what we done. I didn’t mind them doing the video. It has, I don’t know whether he’s got it or not, there was stuff what he done and everything else. He noticed first that it had actually pushed all the fuel clean back out of the carburettor, and you could see that. That’s not how I do it, I don’t leave the lines on, as you saw. That’s why I disconnect everything. You know, just keep running it and redoing your timing. Your motor will start adjusting itself, and advancing the timing-and everything, as soon as you put in the cell. You first put the cell on, the Escort being the car I started on. She starts to fluctuate a lot. I don’t know what it went to, while it was in the vehicle. It was in top gear 40km/h down the road, and he got scared and everything else and he sent the tacho, clean off the top over the other side. Just howling the wheels in top gear and it just freaked him out and he walked in here. We worked everything out by the tacho. It jumped the needle stop, and everything else, and no noise.

Going, no noise, and I just left it going at that. You could hear the air in the fan, but you couldn’t hear, you know like you noticed yesterday when we were adjusting the distributor and this stuff in the motor, cause there’s still a bit of petrol, you can hear the motor get very noisy, ’cause there’s petrol there, and then she’d go noisy, and then quieten herself. And inside the cab was just a normal car. You know your exhaust noises.

 It was going WWRR!WWRR! pull it back into itself, and as it did, she wasn’t come down noise like BBWWRRR! Pull it back down, wasn’t it? That’s what it was. And everything else, you would get this pulling back in effect. A major explosion. Something that we really wanted to find out about, or know about or anything else too much, it didn’t matter. We just heard the difference. What we really did was. we just run it for a short time and then shut the fuel off ?????

 (About the petrol line.)

 Early model P76 and everything else for a Rover 3500 SDI. Up around, in there it’s got manifold where the carburettors go on. Heater box through the manifold like most of our cars do today ???? and that’s only for atomisation ???? top of the carburettors, in between it ???? over, if you look at it goes over the two front cylinders. ??? number, the two cylinders back from the motor, and they ????? over the top, feeds over the top of them, all right and that just ????? on the Rover what we did was just hooked up the water cylinder ???? water cylinder ???? Transferred over the fuel line comes into the right hand one as a straight line, and then butts in, goes across as a secondary runner to the other carby. Yeah, it’s in the valley, she runs front and back. One on bank and two middle ones on the other bank. Yeah well it’s not, we don’t just go to forty degrees, no what we’re doing is we just grab that distributor, and you hear a motor, okay once she’s on the four cylinders out, she starts running rough as a mongrel dog with no power. Anyway, so I just starts advancing the distributor ????? actually just took it up to where it felt like it revved clear and everything else. ???the left-hand side carburettor it’s doing there to stop the fuel pouring out I found a blank bolt and put it into there, it had a little rubber o-ring to seal off, so I screwed it into there. I left everything else standard and she just cuts out. Then I went to the left-hand carburettor, pulled that line off.

 (Too hard to decipher.)

 You do need to pull the carburettors up a bit, because you will drop down on revs. she’ll still run, but she’ll want to drop down well below 500 revs, and motors don’t like running that low ??? Initially for doing the transfer over onto the cell, the distributor stays there, the motor’s still running, what I do then is I bring the distributor ahead. When I feel the motor and carburettor start to die and the carby, I know is running out of fuel. I bring it further forward and everything else, you find out that retarding ?? and you are getting up to around eighty degrees advance then ??? and while you are doing that she is getting rid of all the petrol in the carby at that point, and then you can just go to the car and just turn it off and re-start it. And as soon as you hit that key, you don’t have to wind it over, she just goes BANG! you don’t have to hold the key on very long. She just goes.

 14

 BOB: DOES THE SPARK ACTTVATE IT? OR IS IT THE ROTATION OF THE MOTOR WITH THE SPARK?

 ??? Really it’s a frequency thing. It is like when you had that flash in your eye from the rectifier, which worked your optic vision, you know your light before your eyes. that means you can see my veins light up in my arms. Because it’s like turning on a fluoro, because this spark is coming through… But that’s what happens to me, my kids can tell you, Rachel can tell you, and a few other people can tell you.

 You can touch the body or not touch the body for me. Without getting into this one too much and everything else, if you ever got to me… But anybody else who does come through normally, if you call me up or something else, she might just speak to them and send them on their way.

Running on water cells is okay but if they get onto other things they might be sent on their way.

Noah up here applied through the RTA and got a rego A-R-K – ARK, and then he’s got double -oh- seven on the end of it, you know Noah with his ARK – 007. Now they put a Leyland P76 motor into it, and Alan Rush wired it all. They’re having heaps and heaps of problems where it would start and run but it just wouldn’t rev up… And I just had the Scorpion, before I had it all painted I had it I had it suped up by Waggat Engineering – took ’em twelve months to build the motor, with a Leyland 4.4, okay? The Rovers are a 3 500 or 3.5, and the P76 is the 4.4. It would do 250 to 300 miles per hour with Waggat’s engineering and Waggat’s cams and all that, in my motor. They put new pistons with Holden lifters, he didn’t case-harden them again (the valve ends), all the valves pulled through the collets and dropped down and smashed the pistons, and bent the rods.

 When we go it back we found out we couldn’t rev the motor up over two thousand revs. We tried petrol, we could start it on that, and they just said the motor’s a bit big for that, so… It had a 38/78 drag cam in it??? the valves in it were over-sized chevy valves which used to nick ’emselves, you know in the heads. Had to port them out ???? everything else balanced out so she ???? he put the wrong stuff in it everywhere it was the fuel what wasn’t giving it the right revs, so I had to heaps and heaps of people and so on without getting on it and… then tried, you know, racing fuel ???? at this stage and everything else I had not had the car registered. Then they said well the only way I can register it is on LPG… ? In fact petrol was sometimes better. It would ping and break down, so we then tried boosting fuels up, ourselves. Now we had to have a vehicle which was on the road, this damn thing wouldn’t rev.

We had overhauled the damn thing. The fact of the story is I took the distributor down to the proper electronic experts, and they had it up over I 1,000 revs without any break down. I had it built for that thing. After I put it in, that did not make any difference. But then she smashed the piston… knocking and detonating, and the cylinders. Flaming valves fell out, pulled the collets clean off the end of the stems. They had not case-hardened the ends of the valves. He re-built it all again and everything else. What we did then was we reduced the compression. I just went over there and got thicker gaskets. ‘Cause we only had the Rover, we were running the Rover tin gaskets, which are thin as buggery, and the Leyland P76 ran with a thicker gasket, so we put two Leyland head gaskets… And we lowered the compression. Now we get the thing to sort of rev. We still had the distributor built to run over ten grand and so Noah, after farting around himself for a long time, brought it over to me at my place. He said, do you know what’s wrong with the damn thing?

 I said, well if it’s breaking down, you’ve been through everything, change points, condensers, and coils and flaming everything else, how about we just look at the distributor in case she’s just shorting out. So I said, I’ve got my distributor which over there, which has been run up over ten grand, let’s drop her in. Anyway, we just dropped it straight in, I just lined it up on number one by eye, down the bottom, and so on. So I says to Noah, just get in and turn her over. Now this is the funny part. I had the distributor cap upside down in my hand. Noah could not see because of the raised bonnet, and I had the distributor cap in my left hand, and so I just said hit the key and bring her around. He hit the key and the motor started. I had the cap in my hand and all the leads were still connected, I don’t care whether you believe this or not. All right you can just go and

 15

 you can talk to Alan… And I said to Alan, stick your head around here. So he sticks his head out around the flamin , side of the bonnet, and his eyes nearly popped out of his head.

He says the motor’s going and you’ve got the distributor cap off and upside down in your hand. I said yeah. So he shuts it down, and he says, can I see that again myself.? And I said sure. So he’s really stretching himself to lean across this bonnet and mudguard, he turns the key on and so on, and I’ve got the cap upside down in my hands, we shut the motor down and he’s stretching, he hits the key and the motor fires straight up. Smooth as glass. It would have been a couple of inches above the distributor, with all the leads still connected.

 And I had my hand on the distributor, to give it a bit of turn, that wasn’t it either. I take that hand off. And with this cap upside down, the car, she revved as smooth as glass, right up to full revs and back again. All the way. So I said just shut it down again. So it only done it that time, and I have never ever tried to do it again, in any other vehicle, or that one again. Anyway so, we puts the distributor cap on with my hand, set the distributor properly, and put the timing light on, and we got a break down again. He still had the break down and he had come here for that reason. He hops into it and so on and he heads back home to his place. He’s gone belting over there in his car, and he says to his father, dad, that flaming Joe over there, he’s had the distributor cap off upside down in his hands and the flaming motor starts! Twice! And it’s working smooth as glass, and we put the cap back on and do everything else, and the motor runs like a mongrel dog again! There’s no cracks in the cap, there’s no nothing else like that.

 Now, there’s no answer to that, I don’t understand it. I was just giving you an example about some things that have happened. You asked about sparky, and with the frequencies and things. I don’t know what is making that flaming Leyland P76 run with the distributor cap upside down, with it not in. I don’t really know. Or the other one where I had all the leads bunched together next to the block, and the motor ran.

 These are some of the things we’ve found. I myself, really don’t think that it is a spark what makes them run. It’s not just a thinking ability on your own.

 Um, we haven’t talked about the Japanese yet… Here’s something we didn’t finish talking about the other night. If you’ve got a motor with the ignition turned off, and you ??? And you do it, it’s called dieseling on. What I do, is when ??? if you like. Run out and ??? say no spark. What I said was the ignition turned off.

 BOB: Yeah, yeah, yeah – you’ve got the ignition turned off.

 with no sparking, all right? Now you say, well, the ignition’s turned off.

 Yeah, but our spark isn’t coming through the positive wire through the ignition. It’s jumping across the block from our negative back through that way. But, when you do turn, as we described, um, on the tape… You have turned off the ignition, and the motor’s still going, your alternator is still charging, but it backcharges. You understand? You’ve still got charge coming out of your alternator, because your motor’s still going the same way, your alternator’s still turning the same way. And in the alternator you’ve got diodes in there which switch across, okay So you don’t blow the diodes because they won’t feed backwards, single runs, single flows. Where a generator will go backwards and forwards and any which way you flaming like. Okay?

 And a generator and everything else, well it’ll back charge, it will charge forwards, you can take the battery out and it won’t blow anything in it, because there’s no diodes, no nothing in it. It’ll feed any which way. Just touch them on the metal, and it won’t blow your generator. All right? It’ll still run.

The Japanese motors are a little different ??? they wanted to make it (cheaper to run ?) 

 16

 When you do shut down your ignition and your motor is still going over the ???? alternator, or your generator’s charging, you haven’t got rid of your spark, you haven’t got rid of, you know your charge. We’ll go into that. if you like that, we’ll go into it, because it covers a fair bit of things now.

Waste spark management, there’s people out there who don’t understand it, and um.-.. So I’m going to relate it to the same thing, back to our question that is… I really don’t know. The spark, I don’t believe it sparks. We’ve got different motors running different ways without the stinking petrol. I believe, that with petrol a motor runs. Fine. And you shut the petrol off and they don’t run. But you see it’s been set up for that way. All right? Let’s look at a different way on that fuel side.

We’ve a drag car racing motor… ‘these motors, they usually start running on, colder fuel, like methanol, alcohol, and all those types of fuels. As I was talking to you the other day, petrol itself, when you put some on your hand, you’re instantly burnt. Straight through, because they bum inwards, straight onto the skin. And, if you put metho, methanol fuel, like there is there… on your hand -it doesn’t bum you! The flame’s there, a different kind of flame. It hasn’t got so much of the yellow flame in it.

Let’s have a look a flame, you look at hydrogen. ??? in the, and I was saying all these others were hydrogen, but maybe there’s a possibility, that being a liquid, ’cause if you break everything down it mostly is water, the liquid side of everything is water… So possibly, water is hydrogen and oxygen, I don’t know too much but… Being liquids, you break ’em all down, they’re all water. Whether all the rest of these things is a liquid, now I don’t know…

 But um, go through it, and you go down through the racing fuels and everything else but, if you put the methanol, alcohol, metho, anything else like that, which does bum too, and you put it onto your hand, it’s a cleaner burn ??? liquids, what you put onto it ??? You put a match to it, it don’t burn you, until all of that is gone. All of the wet fuel and vapour and everything else is gone. Petrol instantly bums inwards.

 Now when you go onto your bigger high compression suped-up motors and everything else, what you gotta do, they go into these different kinds of fuels. Like alcohol, like methanol, like ???? And what you gotta do in your distributor, this is your frequency stuff, your spark stuff and your frequency stuff is, take your damn distributor out. And you start advancing it one to two teeth, and drop it back in. Off you’re running on petrol, you put petrol into that motor now with your teeth, what runs on these other fuels, put petrol in the motor, they don’t run.

 They don’t start and run on that. if you can get ’em to start running on it, they definitely won’t rev on it. All right? You saw me brother’s race car out in the shed, modified race car? He’s got a fully blown, damn 350 Chev motor, running on monstrous flaming Holley, carburettor on. Drills all the jets out to flaming nothing, just runs through, he runs methanol on it, okay? Forty-four gallon drums of methanol, runs through the stuff. Understand? A lot of amount of cost. But the motors, I mean, a phenomenal power in them too. I mean they’re holding the foot, on dirt tracks they’re holding the foot flat to the floor, and they’re just drifting the whole way, and spinning the wheels the whole damn way…

 So he puts the methanol in and everything else, but when that motor is dead freezing cold, and you try and fire that thing on methanol, she rolls over. And she’ll kick back on that flaming starter motor and your fly wheel and everything else so phenomenally because, not when it’s running, but when you go to start the mongrels. Because your timing and everything is so far advanced for the methanol and everything when it’s cold… When you first let them sit for a while, you have to pour petrol down their throat. And you kick the guts out of the motor, with methanol. Had it running out everywhere. Cylinders was full of the shit of the stuff.

 And I think you pour in a little bit of petrol and into it, she fires – BANG! Fires! And you warm it up a few times, you know a few revs, you can’t put the petrol in again. She fires and runs on the actual methanol then. She runs, goes, revs, everything else.

 17

 If we go to this now, if we try and run our motors on this, I’ve tried it, we try and run our suped up motors on it because we got the ???? and the noise. Um, so you try and run one of these suped-up motors with all the advanced timing ???

 BOB: WHAT’S TOO MUCH?

 We’ll give you just a little demonstration of ??? our drags. All right, I build drag motors. I quarter mile drag myself all the time, bikes, cars. I don’t like cars that much, but I do it on the bikes. ??? so much an idiot on bikes. I was entered into Bathurst and everything else. ??? I build these motors myself, I got sick of other people building them. Waggats put it in your car, and he stuffed up, and that’s the last one I’m getting done by them. I build these things and I know what they’re doing and everything else, Um… The really super vehicles, you know cars on the drag track ????? run. What you would call ???? run. Um, points ??? make them run, electronic. ???Start over here on his race car I modified. Started off with a set of points, a condenser and coils. And he decides to send to America and pay flaming a thousand dollars for a distributor, and that one’s an electronic one. And within the first run around the track, the flaming box inside had blew, and it cost him five hundred bucks.

 It didn’t do what he wanted it to do. It wasn’t giving the performance. It didn’t rev out, it didn’t do what wanted. So anyway, he’s played and played and played and played, went over the distributor and did everything else… But anyway, we go to our drag trials on the track. They’re going back to the early, cars. The earliest of early cars had magnetos. Maggies. The flaming, these rails and everything else, the big motors and all these things and everything else, they’re running double magnetos. It’s the only way they can get the damn things running. And they’re running these high-volume fuels with their double A fuel rails ????

 All the early cars, all our old vintage cars I’m coming to now, they all didn’t use any of those things. In fact most of them ??? else, any of those things. They just had magnetos. They took the lead straight out of the magneto and straight across onto ??? That’s what they run. on These suped motors ??? frequencies ??? magnetos.

 What we want out of these motors, because our normal technology ??? Back to playing with the vintage cars and everything else. Found out too that uh, does anybody out there know what happened to ???? ones without any of the main ignition keys or anything else. They got the spark advancer on the uh, on the steering column. They’ve got either a chain-drive diff, or a flaming shaft drive diff ??? couple of gears ??? over, over-geared. What these buggers do when they start running out of fuel, is they start to you know like your pre-ignition, they start to jerk. You know, jump. They start to jump like buggery. They’re only a light car, and all this.

 And, if they don’t snuff out by the over-gearing, usually people do another weird thing and they pull back on the spark ??? They know they’re running out of fuel so they go and get some more petrol. I don’t do that… You go around to all the vintage people around here, they’d think I’m crazy. ‘Cause I go over there, and I worked for these guys, and I built these vehicles, and I built the old-style cars like that and everything else, and I figured out looking at their magnetos and ??? Rubbish heaps in their paddocks. So I put them together and try and figure out what makes the buggers run..

 I found out that the, what I do, they all think- I’m silly, I go out there and when something starts to run out of petrol and I make it do it, on purpose. I make it do it. So it starts to jump and jerk, before she over-gears and snuffs out, I just push the flaming advancer forward. And the stinking cars run. And they start to pick up and run pretty good that they actually spin wheels. And that’s what happens when you’re cruising along, you know you do a little bit of a speed in old vintage rig… She starts to run out of petrol so you’re up in revs a bit, you’re up in gearing, you’re momentum moving and everything else. She starts to run out of fuel and the motor starts to get this jerky effect. The motor doing the jerking, the wheels and everything else actually start to give the spin, you know, before she over-gears and snuffs out.

 18 

 So like I said, they either pull back on the spark advancer a bit, or she just snuffs it. What we do to our motor which is pre-igniting anyway, if you got a manual, put her into gear, drop the clutch and you put your foot on the break. Other than that, if she’s keeping on jerking too much, you can put her into first gear and she’ll just hop down the road, you know: RU – RIH -RIH – RIH! Jump the car down the road. Just like an awful big cam, until she snuffs out.

 Anyway, so I just push the advancer ahead, and the flaming motor picks up. And it hasn’t got the fuel in it. But then you go and look at a motor mower, and so on like that, and you start to run out of fuel in a motor mower, and they scream before they stop. They scream. There, you go and do that.

 I think what’s happening is, see our fuel, we’re trying to atomise the fuel, and we’re putting fuel in there as a wetting agent, lubrication and everything else, plus, we’re trying to atomise it. Now all our fuel doesn’t atomise. So the wetting, agent what is happening is, that’s what I say, you can check it if you like…

 ???? The fuel doesn’t, what they mix into there is wetting agent, it doesn’t atomise. Most of it goes in, and spits out, flaming pollutants ???? But the rest of it what does atomise, it is there for a reason. And this is my belief.- the air is then being charged. You put all the things we talk about, like Brocky with his air polariser, you know in the manifolds, you seen that one I had there. Fifteen years ago! no fuels, we’re talking about all these other things with running without fuels, like the water cells and everything else going into motors. You look at the motor mowers. You look at your own cars when they run out of petrol. Well maybe yours don’t start screaming when they run out of petrol. But, if we tune, if mechanics tune them and everything else, they run a hell of a lot flaming smoother and better if you lean out the fuel.

 But what takes place is, the outside air going into your motor gets too damn hot. Just like the pushbike pump with your finger over the damn end, she gets red hot. It’s only because the air itself is not charged, and under compression she gets hot. And for every action there’s an opposite and equal reaction – why can’t the air go cold? Well it flipping does, if you put the right frequency on it. And I can prove that to you with all the things I’ve been doing. That little one I showed you over in the shed you played with and everything else, I can imagine what it is and everything else…. With the right frequency on that, no fuel at all, putting it into the air intake, the motor runs cool. You don’t even need a radiator on that. It doesn’t make ice or anything else. It’s running on air, all right? It’s running on air, with a frequency inputted into the air, and your motor runs cool.

 It doesn’t overheat. But we do understand that air overheats if we flaming reduce the fuel. Because it’s a wetting agent, it’s a cooling agent, and a lubricating agent. And air under compression gets flipping hot. But there’s no reason why you can’t make air colder. It’s just we may not have had the right frequency to do it, or the right way of knowing what to do with the damn things.

 Well, um, in your motor and everything else, it would be better to run less fuel. If you’ve got a pre-igniting motor on heat ??? you can check it. The pre-ignition on the motor is hot, and you turn the ignition off that is so-called, our forward spark what we put in the motor ????? keeps going, we do have fuel there. We do have fuel there – the fuel is that flipping hot it is just what we call, pre-igniting. All right? But then we’ve got the vintage ones and everything else. Brocky had a box in the back, had a flaming air polariser in the front. He was out of fuel three laps prior, by the computers and everything else, but what’s a fuel polariser gunna do if you ain’t got any fuel?

 Okay, think about it. Don’t tell Brocky, I told you that. You know, with the no fuel there, let’s put all these things together. We’ve come up with the no fuel there and everything else and so on, and the motors are jerking and coughing. We advance our damn distributor, and the motor picks up, Fine, well we got spark there now. Okay, we’ve got spark. Now that’s on the vintage one. We just advance our spark, and we ain’t got the fuel there. That’s on a magneto. On our normal car we’ve got the ignition turned off. We’ve got the petrol there, we’ve got the ignition turned off, and it’s heated up, and we’ve got pre-ignition. So, the motor’s going DA -DA -DA – DA – DA – DUM! Well what happens when it’s doing that and you turn the key back on to give it the forward spark, well fine, she runs smooth again.

 19

 Just like before you turn the key off, the motor’s running smooth. Turn the key back off again, DA -DA -DA-DA-DA-DUMMMM! Turn your key back on. What have you really done? Well, funny thing is if you go out there, while she’s pre-igniting, go out there and grab hold of a spark plug lead. Don’t tell me you’re not gunna get booted! You have negative running through the block, you’ve got the points opening and shutting, you’ve got your coils on there and everything else, you got a condenser, you got a resistor it’s all there and everything else. You got the alternator turning or the generator turning. There is spark coming through. Now what it is is, the reverse damn spark. Reverse spark. Now we’re gunna talk about that because this is called waste spark management.

 What the Commodores have, is it implosion? I’ll talk about implosion in the same thing. Now in the waste spark management, we have normal spark, compression number one, and it fires in there with the ignition turned on and the fuel near there. That’s our normal one, and now our petrol breaks down into pollutants.


################################################################################
# [886] JoeCell-TALKS 4
################################################################################

###  JOE TALKS part 4/4, By Alex Schiffer, Update9.4, from http://divadjac.googlepages.com/update9.4 

 “Joe Speak” ; Tape 4 of 4.

 With the tape, what we just finished that side of so we are going on to this one. And the question is what I asked, Am I giving you too much or am I giving you the wrong stuff to this man here? All right? Bob or what ever his name is, I’ve been told John. But it’s Bob.

 Am I giving you what you don’t want. ? He’s come here for the last hour, you know day or the last hours or whatever else, he wants you And whether he’s going to get it or not or use. I don’t know whether I want to give you what you’se want. Yet. I’ll try and give you’se an explanation or what. I had to come to this. Nobody told me and nobody showed me.

 No? So this is what I’ve found all the way along the line to try and understand what I’ve flaming done. To understand what I’ve flaming done I got to start understanding what other people are doing as well. What we got. What we can do. What we can’t do. What we are running on and what we are not running on, there is not some way to learn that. Anyway the continuation of this Commodore and everything else is WASTE SPARK MANAGEMENT as we said. And we got side tracked but we didn’t get side tracked. Anyway I’ll explain it to you as we come along.

 They’ve got the normal forward spark and everything else. So now what they do is we understand as the forward spark and everything else we’ve got the spark coming down to the coil going through the primary and secondary and everything else going back to the battery or back to earth. It comes in positive and goes back negative. All right? What they found, and you can do the same thing is, our forward spark doesn’t come that way. Our forward spark comes through the body across the points and whatever else and that way. The current goes through the coil positive, comes out negative out the other side and goes back to the engine. And these people use that now, they utilise that. And what they did, was they took that, what you call waste spark now.

 It looked like it was a spark which is being wasted or a frequency that is being wasted or a electrical charge, off the positive which is being wasted. It was coming in and going out and going back to the battery. Yeah, or using the other one coming in to make the front cylinder fire. All right?

 So they wanted a smoother motor and they wanted to reduce a fly shit and only a fly shit on the pollutant, to keep with the rules, to make a better faster motor, a nice smooth motor and everything else and we got a somewhat reduce the economy and reduce the pollutants, so they started using the waste spark management. Now, what they found was the motors fired some where between this 6 to 8 degree advanced timing and then at exactly the same time because you’ve got the back flow, exact, a million percent exact because the front one won’t fire unless the back one’s there.

The front one won’t flow if the back one isn’t flowing too. It shuts it down. So, they started to utilise it. So they found we’d get a spark exact same time as the forward spark in number one we have the complete opposite cylinder which is at the top of the stroke. At the top of the stroke there, that is our exhausting, it is exhausting.

 Now, the spark they found, they can make a spark jump at the exact same time as number one is firing. Number one still has its firing spark, which ignites the fuel, separates your fuels and everything else and ends up as pollutants. Fires your motor. But on the exhaust stroke they found out too that this thing here can suck too. But it never used to.

 They used it in that put it on the same cylinder on the opposite stroke and it is on the exhausting stroke. Now, what it did it fired exactly between the 6 – 8 degrees, as did the compression cylinder one. What does that mean? 

 1

 What does that do? All right? Well we got our exhaust valve open and the pistons coming up just for a second when I tell you and I reckon they are doing……….. The spark fires in that cylinder at the exact same time it starts to close down some of your exhaust emissions what blew apart in this compression stroke.

 The compression cylinder, number one, it separated them and now you got pollutants, it starts to close them down. So it reduces your exhaust emissions, but the other thing it does for that 6 to 8 degrees, is instead of the expansion explosion as on number one compression, the damn thing implodes.

It gives a fractional 8 degree suck, on the piston, as it closes the flaming exhaust emissions down it sucks the piston a fraction. That’s where we get a little bit more speed. And now we can reduce our input on the compression cylinder.

 We can reduce the fuel there because we don’t need as much to get the same performance out of the motor because the implosion on the exhaust cylinder is actually giving a suck. So we are assisting our revolutions of the motor and we are also making the motor smoother because she is free-er running, not so much fight.

 And we are also reducing some of the exhaust emissions because it has closed them down, as to what it did on the compression stroke. Waste spark management

 And then from there they’ll take that thing and drive it back into your battery. And now they manage it, they make it do something. For them. And that’s what they’ve done. It’s smoother. We now have to put less petrol in at the start because we can get more miles per gallon out of the buggers.

 The motor’s free-er, smoother, faster, less pollutants out of the arse. That’s what they did. Now Ford took up that idea too, you see, then they run it back to the battery. But that implodes and held on to that spark. On the exhaust stroke, we hesitated, well it’s not half a stroke. It is virtually one and a half strokes, that spark.

 It is easily done, we can still fire our flaming spark on the top of the cylinder, top stroke on compression, but we hang on to that flaming one out on the exhaust And we fire it on the bottom of the damn stroke, on the exhausting stroke.

 Think of it, if it closes down the piston with the … ?….. and everything else and so on like that, the opposite thing the front one is exploding and the rear one is closing down and it’s also instead of heating up, it is cooling it as well. It cools your exhaust emissions. Fire at the bottom of that exhaust stroke. Bang! Pulls it in.

 Now if the piston is on its way up to the exhaust you know that every single thing in that cylinder after the motor has fired, monoxide, dioxide and everything else they’re explosional things. Those gases are explosions. You take them away and you put those things together and they go bang. They explode. what are you trying to do on the inside of the cylinder? You are trying to create an explosion.

 But you know what, you can’t make those monoxides and dioxides explode, because of its flaming field. But you’ve got those gasses and they won’t light for you But what happens to the LPG in the cigarette lighter? These won’t light sometimes. What happened to the LPG in the fuel tank, the gas tank. Gas is still there, can’t light it.

Had to put another field in it to bring it back to what it was to make it burn. So why can’t we turn the exhaust emissions around, if monoxide and dioxides and all those are explosional gases, why can’t we turn them around out the exhaust pipe, stick them back in to the motor and make it go bang

 2

 They won’t. If you use an opposite flaming frequency to what they won’t spark now that they did in the cylinders in the, in the firing compression you know. They will outside and when you take them away yourself they will go Bang, but they won’t go bang until you introduce them back into the cylinder. They will outside and when you take them away yourself they will go bang.

It is THE FREQUENCY. Think about it too

 You know you put petrol and air and timing and everything else all into the front cylinder, number one compression and you get your condenser out of whack. You won’t fire that motor either on petrol under normal conditions under the front. You have a resistor in line to the coil, no wait a minute, it’s not the coil what gives you the spark. It’s not, that’s not the spark that comes down with the resistor in line what gives you the flipping spark, that makes your motor run, That’s not the spark that makes your motor run. But if you put a resistor in line before the coil, it makes a difference to that spark. The spring in there, and all it is a spring. You’ve taken a straight wire and you’ve turned it around on a spring, coil, that’s what a resistor is thin dry air. The resistor is in your coil and it is in liquid, damn coil wire turned around and round and round and round in a flaming coil but it is in a liquid.

 Now we’ve got coils which are in dry cells and everything else but they are packed in different things, but they made them do different things too. You use a resistor and all it does is in mid air, it’s coiling it and it changes the potential. But that frequency in that spark coming down that stinking one from the key isn’t the one that makes your motor run. But it definitely changes your motor’s running ability. Why?

 Because if that one don’t come down exactly 100% the same as the negative what does run your car, it interrupts it. Because both of them have to be identical, that’s why waste spark management when you got the firing in the first compression firing the first compression cylinder, you have another one they use as managing it into the exhaust one. And they are both there identical, so what they do with the resistor and everything, you get the resistor stretch a little or shrink a little and then what happens to the running ability of the motor. Well, resistor plays up and everything else and you got backfiring and farting and kicking and everything else if your motor does go.

 And if you stop and you try and start the mongrel up you can’t, because the frequency is out. The resistor changed the flaming frequency.It didn’t change spark it’s not playing with spark. All right? You got to see if you can make the petrol go, and you got to hit the right frequency to make the flaming(carbon?) monoxide and dioxide fire. All right?

 But if you fire, think about it, you fire that spark, hang on to it. Put it into something. There’s many machines … ?….I don’t know any of that technology electronics stuff. Implodes a little bit at the top and close down your exhaust. Pulls the piston up as it implodes and it is going to close down your exhaust emissions. How much are you going to need to close down the front cylinder? Actually nearly none.

 And how much, what’s it going to do to the ones it did expand out? It’s going to pull them up. We’se had a little discussion with you’se not listening here for a minutes because this man here said that my brother on his race car had the problem of his points and all that burning out in his flaming distributor first before he got the electronic one and everything else because they were talking about Resistances, resistors and all these flaming things and coils. You got bigger coils, you got different resistors, you got all these things you got to play with.

 3

 Well, I’ll tell you something else that happened to my brother on his race car. The motor that he doesn’t have in now He’s got a hole in the side of the block now, but that wasn’t him OK. It wasn’t him it was somebody else revving the shit bags out of it. Blew a hole straight through the block while he was valve bouncing. Put a hole through the side of the block.

 What he did was he sent it over to have it rebuilt at an engineer’s place here in Lismore. Noel Wagget. OK. So, and when they put it together, you know what they did? They put the cam in 180 degrees out. On a V8, you’se mechanics know that in a V8 that a 180 degree cam will still start. But you know what you can’t do with the thing? You can’t rev the mongrel out. They break down and give you the elusive and do everything else. Something is wrong, something is drastically wrong. So when they, these fellows put the motor together, my brother didn’t put it together and I don’t put my brothers motor together, I just give him money to play. You know when I got it I put money into him building his motor or running his race car. I don’t even watch it run’ Don’t play with it.

 Anyway, so he sent over, got the motor rebuilt and they put the cam in wrong. Anyway his motor started up .Can’t rev the mongrel. Starts every time, can’t rev it. Do you know what? On the opposite side of the flaming harmonic balancer you have timing marks. And you know with the cam out that far she flaming comes back around and still fires on the same damn point on the other side, so you think your distributor, you know, you line up the distributor by the timing light and everything else, the damn spark and all that is firing the same, Is firing the same. But, and you know you are getting spark in that cylinder.

 Funny thing is you are getting spark in that cylinder. But guess where the real spark is going? What the cam is doing to do is make the flaming opposite cylinder fire, the dead opposite cylinder, it’s trying to make it fire. You understand?

 Now, my brother he is a very wild sort of a boy, he doesn’t listen to anybody, real wild temper, yells and screams all the damn time, you might think I am here, you know I’m not. Agro type person, you can’t tell him nothing. And if anything has to be done it has to be done 100% by the book. And if it don’t go by the book he don’t want to know about it. And he’s going to make a motor run by the book and by what it says and it has got to run by that. Whether it is an engineer, a mechanic flaming you name it, anybody. He gets so agro with these people that he wants it to run that way He will not look at anything alternative. Not look at any other ways at doing anything.

 Now anyway, so, what had taken place with him and everything else the engineer, head of it and everything else, who had been there and built this motor and everything else, Ms workers built the motor and they got it wrong, but. This fellow went to America to buy American Chevy parts. He was away for about 8 weeks. So me brother is ringing up every bugger under the sun and trying to get this motor running and they’re telling him that his engineer is in America. So he rang him in America. Fellow says I’m buggered if I know. They must have got it right. You got the timing right? You got this right? Yeah. Everything’s right Spark? 

 4 

 Yep. Well, took it’s not our problem, you have to find some other thing. It must be electrical or something else. It wasn’t electrical. But, I said to my brother, I went over and I heard all this and this went on for weeks and weeks and weeks. I went over there and I just said to him. I said, “Paul, did you know that I can make that motor run without pulling a fuse glass”. Straight away, I told him, I can fix that motor and make it run smooth as glass and everything else without touching anything, in one minute

 And like I just told you he is so adamant about flaming saying everything has to be running properly. He says, You ain’t flaming touching nothing. Not playing with any of your flaming gismos and everything else on it, doing anything else alternative. I said I’m not going to do that.

 I said I can just do it within one minute. And he says flaming It’s got to be running the way it’s been built and the way its been made. You are not touching it. It’s got to rim that way. I says OK. Well look. The fellows not here, how about we pull it down and find out what is wrong.

 I said I’ll pull the front off it and I’ll find out what’s wrong. And he said, The cams …. I said look nobody is going to look at it, It is not going to take me very long. Can I just pull the front off and have a look? And I will just prove to you, you just stand there and I will just prove to you. It’s not going to be any time out of your pocket. No worries. I’ll pull the front off and we’ll have a look.

 So he says all right, but I’m going to have this running the way it is supposed to. I said that’s fine, but just let me pull it off. So, we er, in the modified it is pretty easy to get around it. We pulled the radiator out, pulled the flaming harmonica off, pulled the flaming front timing cover off we found, yep, we found cam’s out, one turn right around the town. So Paul said we are going to turn it back around, I’m going to get up the guys. I said, Yep well we can do that. Just for a minute. Just for one minute. Can you now let me, you know what is wrong with this motor. Can you now just let me without doing anything? Can you let me show you how to make this motor run. Smooth as glass. Let me show you.

 (Paul) I don’t want to know. I said I don’t care, just give me one minute. I got in a big fight with my brother. He’s stubborn. I told you that. Rachael will tell you that. Everyone will. So he said yeah all right. But I don’t want to know about it. I said That’s fine. You know what you do? And I did it.

What do you do? Conversation here, turn the wires around on the cap. On the coil one what says positive I put on negative, The one what says negative I put on positive and started the motor up and she goes full revs. Rev rev rev rev rev smooth as glass, everything else. And then he says that’s not the way it is going you’ve proved your point and everything else. Nyeah, nyeah, nyeah, we’re going to make it the right damn way.

 So it had to go back to positive to positive, negative to negative and we pulled the cam out, brum, brum, brum, free as a bird, smooth as glass and he got fair up the flaming engineers and mechanics and everything else, but by turning the wires around on the coil. What was he doing? Well you figure that out, what we are taking primary and secondary, and we put them in a different than normal way. A normal car, it does work that way.

 5

You can have your wires around the other way, but they tell you it gives you a different kind of frequency and some times some cars it starts them but makes them break down terribly up high and others it makes them break down low due to different frequencies

 So different things for different things. But on his, smooth as glass with the cam 180 out. 360 is back where we were, 180 is the opposite. And you know what? The damn thing was firing and running there, but you couldn’t rev it up. She was missing and breakdown and farting You can go and talk to him. You can go over there and talk to him. You saw him in the shed the other night when we were there. Go over and ask me brother. He don’t agree on any of this stuff. He don’t agree with another single person in the world that guy, but he will tell you what did take place.

 You put that together with a whole lot of other things what take place. Put a lot of these things together and find out what the go is. Now, other things to end this little section I have an uncle. I didn’t know I had this uncle, and this uncle done something.

 This uncle is named, ok, well most people don’t know my name or anything else and this is not my last name and everything else either but this is my mothers maiden name. This guy’s name was Bill Hale and he come from the other side of Kyogle and apparently he’s dead. I don’t know if he is or he isn’t. But the guy up there now who has vintage cars, all right? He’s got the vintage cars and everything else and his name is Kelly Web. He travels all over Australia to all the swap meets and everything else.

 He owns all the old vintage car shed up here and he puts them together and he farts around. And he sells bits and pieces and he’s got a workshop on the other side of Kyogle out at Koogle, all right, On the Lyons road heading towards Brisbane on the back road. He told me after I went and showed him the little Escort driving on this water and nothing else on it and he knows about it and plays and builds motors and mechanic and engineer and flaming you name it. And he’s a real old guy, he knows everything about everything, magnetos and farting around and everything else.

 One thing the guy didn’t know, until I had explained to him was, I said Kell do you know what happens to an old vintage car that’s running on a magneto and they run out of petrol? Yeah they stop. I said, do they? I said Think about it. He said, Ah, they do some jerking I said, Yeah, right. And we talked what I told you about by advancing the spark. And he said, Bugger me dead I’ve done that myself a long time ago, he said and I never thought about it.

 Anyway if a whipper snipper like you tells me he said it’s good to know things what we sometimes forget. Anyway, he said, You know what? Your uncle, I’ve been in this vehicle and everything else a longtime ago. He said, Your flipping uncle, Bill Hale. I said don’t ask. He took exhaust emissions straight out of the stinking exhaust pipe, he run them over the top of a stainless plate, we had holes in the damn thing, over it and then straight back into the stinking Carburetor and you know what?

 That bugger used to take me for drives, he said we were running in the carburettor and out the flaming exhaust and straight back over the stainless plate and back into the stinking carburettor and he’d take me for drives everywhere in this thing doing that.

 And he says, I thought I know that he run it across the stainless plate when you mentioned about stainless plates in your cell.

 What’s he done? There’s no water, there’s no nothing.

 6

 He took the exhaust emissions and run it across there and he says You know what I reckon it done now, he says, because I explained about my stuff He said……….. those monoxide and dioxide and everything else got the opposite damn charge and you put it back down the carburettor and he darn well did it.

 He said. We’ve got thousands of people up our way what can tell you about that and been in the vehicle and everything else. He said and I been in that vehicle and he showed me and everything else. He said you took those monoxides and dioxides and everything else back in the carburettor and we were driving down the road and we went for mile and miles all the time. He said this has only just come back to me.

 Well I said well you can’t take the exhaust emissions and everything else and stick them back into the carburettor and make a car run, because and it should explode, but it don’t, because that’s what we are after. Because it’s lost it’s kind of frequency. What he was doing with that stainless plate and everything else.

 Now I don’t know what he done, whether he put a charge to it, or frequency to it or what he damn well did and neither does Kell. But all Kell does know is that this fellow runs the exhaust gases out there and returned them back into the carburettor and it is running that vehicle. He was getting more speed out of the thing. He did not have to add anything else. Because on a closed circuit, which it was, you lost nothing.

 Apparently in the explosional rate and everything else and then the closing down rate and everything else what he done and the frequency he must have put on the plate coming back onto those, he didn’t lose anything. He was able to make a continuous circuit and Kell reckons that the motor runs faster and better and smoother than what it used to do on a few litres of fuel. He’d swear black and blue. You can go up there and talk to Kell. Bill Hale.

 And that’s not my last name, that’s my uncle. I never met him, I didn’t know about it. I don’t know how these sort of things go. It’s like gene lines you know and things like that. We find out that our uncles or our brothers or brother in laws or something else, not brother-in-laws but grandparents and everything else we didn’t know used to ride motor bikes and we seem to have an attraction for motorbikes. We have grandparents and everything else who used to have a twitch in the left eye and bugger me dead we’ve got the same damn twitch. And, you know things like that are passed down the line. But my uncle, I don’t think my uncle would have been muchly related to me except … a single person who does any of this stuff like me or anything else, and my family, and my father with 19 children, not a one of them does anything like me or is even interested in anything like this. The thing is too that my father was a religious type of person and so on, he used to go to church. Not any of his 19 children are ever interested in going to church, reading the bible or doing any of those things, being interested in any of that.

 No I don’t go to church or anything else, but I write out of the bible. I’ve written 20 books. Don’t go to church. Don’t go to any of those things Wrote three of them without having a bible. OK. All these different things will come to me as well as all this other stuff. And I don’t, I can talk to ministers. I can talk to churches and go everywhere else.

 My father went to different churches and as soon as he read the bible and told them what the bible said they kicked him out, because sometimes we find out they don’t actually teach what the bible says the same between all the different churches. But, anyway out of all those children and everything else I seem to for no reason, no nothing, I just did it one day. Took up the idea of writing about things in the bible and I wrote about things you would not believe.

 7

 You know out of the bible that you couldn’t, believe. You Know. It’s all in the bible. But things which, you know sort of people don’t see in the bible ….I’m not going on with this bible thing or anything else. But just given you……of things what we do. I asked this man here how many of each kind of animal did Noah take into the ark? And his 2 fingers came up. most everybody else in the world will do the same thing in the world will do the same thing. They’ll say 2 of each. Well I think youse all better go back and read the bible. From the whole set of numbers which is in the pneumatics and everything else, it is in our minerals. And everything else….I dint know what you call that it is in every dam field. God put it there and every damn thing and He also made the numbers for us And when God had His scribes In the early days they done it by numbers , a letter a word, a sentence and a chapter and everything else, and if it didn’t work out a million % as God given numbers to do it, it was cast out Thrown away.

 And I showed this. man here a few little things on that and everything else but youse can go out and check. For yourself If any of youse there are interested, look under Genesis chapter 7, and you read just that littleverse under chapter 7, you’ll find out that Noah took 14 of each kind of flippin animal and 14 of every bird. What it does say in there of two of each is that he said ” of every beast that is unclean you will take by Two’s one male and one female . But what it does say in 7 is, He said to Noah of the, you know, the male and the female 7 pairs that is 14. that must have been a pretty big Ark and everything else. It just Goes to show the churches and everything else have taught us for many years 2 of each kind and we’ve got songs about it and everything else. But why don’t they read the bible, because you go and read it and check if I am right or wrong. And everything else but he says 14 of each kind. Not so much that but he says 7, the male and the female all right? And if it’s even, you can’t have even in 7 because 7 is an odd number. Add female and it brings you to 14 of each kind.

 Where just having some lunch we finished that. And this fellow here says, what about cold running on , he didn’t say that we got preignition. We got another motor that is called cold dieseling. They call it when a motors cold you know that one mechanics explain it to your mates if they don’t. We’ve got a fellow here who talks about a Ford Prefect. Ford Prefect. Fellow has a generator on it. He turned it off, you’se know the story apparently.

He turned it off, wouldn’t shut down. Pulled the spark plugs won’t shut down. What else happened? Disconnected the petrol. Wouldn’t shut down. Had to stall it. 

 Add that one into all the info you’ve heard about first and everything else and you come up with….. Yes we know the cars run on petrol and everything else and the way they are set up. But is that the only way they run? Gives you something else to think about doesn’t it?And then I didn’t say I was giving you all the answers all right. I’m not going to tell you, 

 8

 I am not going to tell you. You have to figure it out.

 And the cold dieseling, what they call cold dieseling, we do the same thing without a hot motor. We try to eliminate that cold dieseling and everything else we can……………… and it makes it worse. The Japanese found this exact thing out as I described before. With a piston. And it went better.

 When they tried to put an electric solenoid in to shut the fuel off and air off and everything else they wanted to shut the air and the fuel. And they tried everything and they kept going. They come up with another idea on how. A magnetic field in the solenoid. And that field goes into the block and the motor shuts down. I mean what is the answer on the cold dieseling? Figure it out yourself.

 Next question again. Why can’t we, this person here says. And I’m not saying I got anything different. I’m just saying that you and my answer to this man was that if he did not try……. He could try every damn thing under the sun and he couldn’t get it started.

 Tow it to 1000 miles per hour and you won’t get it started. All right. Well, I just go and put the condenser in and bingo I started the car. Because I put the right thing in.

 Now, I’m not talking about putting electrolyte in the water and everything else. Actually what I’m doing is taking it out I’m taking the minerals and the shit.

My insulating plates could be at fault. Right? My insulating plates could be wrong, my metal could be wrong, my keg could be wrong, mywater could be wrong.

We’ve had some people here who’ve had to go through 20 different kinds of water before they found one which started to work perfectly. For them.

 They’ve got a different variety of things happening through those 20 different waters and they are thinking that cell was wrong, and the plates was wrong and the insulators was wrong and they drove me crazy on the telephone, ringing up all the time when they tried different things.

 Why why why why why. I said keep trying the water. So they went out and they finally found one after 20 different waters. Now this is long ago, and he has now got. I didn’t say he’s got a car running. But that’s not what he was after.

He was after the water to make Ms cell produce electricity, because he’s got that, but he wanted the cell for healing. Healing. And different things I’m not going to go into, because I don’t do the healing and neither does the water. And we don’t talk about that because nobody’s interested. So, He took all that time.

 Now and we are asking why aren’t we getting the bubble and pouring on the surface of the water and pouring off. Well he did it for 20 different waters and then he finally touched that water and he’s not going to touch that cell and he’s not going to let anybody else touch it either.

 But you could have somebody who is negative in the room or put their hand over it. You could have flaming something else effecting it. Every single thing can effect it. Everything.

But when it is lined up, when it’s in there you can’t affect it So it’s just playing. Playing with this too. And I’m a mechanic and it didn’t occur to me.

 I’ve got a friend out here probably about 30 miles away from here who’s got a Holden motor. And he sent the Holden motor in, it was going, 186 Holden motor, don’t care, he’s done about 3 or 4.

 9

 He sent the motor to have it rebored and rebuilt And he sent it over to Gill’s engineering in Casino over here. Gill’s engineering are a very old family and so on, very old gear in their workshops. Now they had a lathe, which is one the lathes with the machining heads and everything else like that with the Spindle thing on the side.

 One of those big old antiquey type of things and this dam thing here turned backwards, compared to most Others. Now you say you can change the gearing and make them turn backwards anyway, but what happens is for honing, machining and so on like that to cut the metal out of the boiler they usually cut a certain way.

 The thing is they got the old tools and everything else and their machine cuts backwards. All right just bear with me for a minute. Now, their machine cuts backward and everything else and their motor is going and everything else this guy Picked up his motor afterwards. He put the pistons in. He put the bearings in. He put the head on. He put everything else in.

 He put it in the car and went to start it on twelve volts, and he had, I’m not kidding and he had every single. Thing perfect. Now, Flattened three 12v batterys and he never got a kick out of that stinking motor. And he was miles away and I don’t want to go driving away in the middle of the bush. And he said you’re the smart fellow you tell me what is wrong.

 I says, well look, cause he’s on a long distance what it is from here he only rand up and said what am I going to check . So I told him go check the points. Goes out and says I’ll ring you back. So he runs out and checks the points. No they are fine Gapping is fine. Checks the timing. Fine. Checks the cam. Fine. Checks the carby. Fine.

 Fuel, condenser, coil, everything and he kept changing things to make sure. He pulls them of his other going car and puts them on to make sure. Nothing. Know what was wrong? He then after all these things decided bugger you ringing me up all the time I’ll come down. So I went down there and everything else and looked at his motor and he had everything right.

 So I said I know how to start this, the battery and everything else I said now I’m going to make it 24v. We hooked it up to 24v and whirled his motor over and we leave the 24v on. I’ll run it for a little bit then the coil will start heating up and you get backfiring and farting and because It can’t runon 24v while its set up for 12 you can’t run it on 24v for too long.

 Anyway so I just hooked up 24 volts. The negative terminal was connected to the battery in the car and I…. To the battery in the car to the, This doesn’t matter much, I’m just saying Put it on the other battery. Then I jumper leaded in between, which gives us 24v

 He hit the key and she fired instant. Not a hesitation. And it fired and was running. So he turns it off and says I’ll go back to 12v now it’s started. He went back to 12v and he couldn’t start it. So he went back to 24v. Bang straight away she fired and she run and she run and she run. Now remember. We er

 10

 While the motor is going, the motor is going, it’s got an alternator on it and everything else, its got a Set of points in there, you know, very hard to do it on any of these later cars. He’s got the points and everything else in the Holden, so while the motor is going and everything else we take off the positive terminal from the second battery the motor keeps going because the alternator is feeding through then.

 And I take it back and go to put it on the positive terminal. There is a monstrous spark “##O/o#$#”. And then, I lifted, you know, it scares me a bit so I lift the terminal up a little bit and I try to put it back on again and figure out why there is this monstrous spark. Next time I go to put it back on there is hardly any spark, just a little tiny spark.

 Put it on, we shut the car down, we hit the key, on 12V and it fired instantly and it’s been running Like that ever since.

 It comes down to this, when they originally lathed the block they changed the frequency in it And when I come back from 24v she fired And when I came back to 12v, the big spark was the flaming thing was lining itself up, polarising itself the right way.

 Polarising the right way. And I put it on as a big spark. I took it off because I was scared. Put it back on again and it was only a little spark because it was normal charging then and we can Start it that way. That’s what I found there.

 Now I didn’t understand that at that stage. I just knew this is how you start the car and everything else. Sometimes you can just hook on and climb down the road and they’ll just kick in. Sometime. Ok. But they won’t start. Some motors for some reason will not start off the 12v battery straight off after you rebuild the motors.

 Now how I found that out really was not that car. What I had was another friend of my daughter. He had a motor built in a Commodore, and they fitted, they took out his 3.3 motor up in Northern Territory and he had a brand spanking new motor rebuilt there and they put it into his car andeverything else and they couldn’t start it. And he was leaving the same day they were finishing the job and he was coming down here and he was heading to Melbourne.

 Anyway, so they towed the car and got it started. Now he leaves there and he’s driving all day and he turns her off at night, she’s going good and everything else. He comes out the next morning, he can’t start it. He can not start it. He clutch starts the damn thing. When he clutch started it, the thing’s got this terrible miss in it.

 So he goes into a mechanical shop and he’s away, away from where he got the motor built. He goes into this mechanical shop and everything else. Now before I tell you the only existing things from the original motor, I want to keep going, he went into a flaming mechanics shop and everything else and the mechanic says It sounds like spark plugs breaking down.

 So he replaced brand spanking new spark plugs and this guy paid for them and it didn’t make any difference. So the guy said, Well, Maybe you got a cracked cap, so he put a new cap on and paid for that and it didn’t do it.

 And then he said Well maybe its an electrical somewhere so he put a new coil on and that didn’t do it. And he went in and he said well let’s just throw in points and condenser anyway. So he put that on. Then he put brand new leads on. He said, “We’ve already got these damn things brand new anyway. So the fellow said well look it’s not electrical and so on. He said It has to be fuel. So he said I can’t afford any more now, I’ve got to keep going, so off he goes again. Now he gets down the road and everything else and that car’s missing and farting and coughing andeverything else.

 11

 Anyway she pulls up, he turns the key off ’cause she’s stuffed, it’s running rough as guts and you come up to a stop-light or sign or something like that and the motor is running that rough she cuts out. So then he turns the key clean off and then turns the key back on again and he starts the motor, and it starts straight away and the flipping thing runs smooth as glass. Smooth as glass, all day and he thought Bugger me dead it’s fixed itself, it’s cleaned itself, it’s fixed itself

 So then he gets er down and everything else, stays in, pulls in, stays in a motel. Comes out the next morning. Rev Rev Rev. It won’t start. OK? And then he clutch starts the damn thing, she fires up. She’s got the miss in it. It’s back again. He says, “Oh shit!” I got to find this, you know, I can’t travel like this.

 So anyway he goes in, he goes to an electrician this time, and he says Look. I’ve had all these things done and everything else, can you put your meters on to it. So when they did, they goes into the electrician, he turns the motor off and he comes back out and he hits the key and everything else and the electrician puts the meters on and everything else. The motor is running as smooth as glass, right, smooth as glass and he puts the meters on and he says mate there is nothing wrong electrically. He says, yes but the motor’s running perfectly……. He says, Oh well. I’ll keep going. So he drives and later on and everything else he shuts it down.

 Anyway, waits and he says I’m heading off real early next morning. I’m going. Getting out of here. Sick of it. Anyway, he just got sick of this car. So he comes down again, he goes out the next morning, won’t start. Pain in the arse it won’t start. All right? So he decides, Bugger it, I can’t drive like this. It’s jerking and farting and coughing and carrying on. It won’t accelerate. It won’t do anything.

 So he says I’ll pull into another mechanics shop in the next town So he gets into there and everything else. Turns her off, goes over and says, “Mate look. I’ve had everything electrical done, I’ve had all and everything checked out and it’s not electrical.

 The fellow then goes and puts another carburettor on it. Brand new carburettor, puts it on the flaming alternator. He puts a new …. Filter on it And he went through the pump and everything else. He puts a brand new fuel pump on it. And he blew back through the tank and he drained the fuel tank. Pulled the fuel tank out of the car and flaming pulled, in case there was some blockage, you know a bit of plastic or a bit of rag or something blocking up the line. All those things, hops into the car, hits the key. Smooth as glass.

 So off he drives. We’ve fixed it. Paid the bill. It’s adding up to hundreds and hundreds and hundreds now. Now he’s got further down towards us, down this end of the stick, he’s up in Brisbane and he rings me daughter and he says he’s going to be down there in a few hours. He didn’t make it ‘Cause he stayed there in Brisbane over night

 He goes to start it the next morning and it won’t start again. And he did everything to his car. Anyway, so he got down to Tweed Heads, about an hour and a half away from here and he pulled into a mechanics shop there and everything else and the mechanic said Ok well let’s just pull out the distributor, it had to be shorting out in the distributor. So they pulled the distributor out and put another one in. And they hit the key and the car went smooth.

 So he says I’ve fixed it. You pay me $80 for the distributor, second hand, right. So he heads off and gets down here to Lismore, and he says Mate, pulls up, stayed at our place and he told me the story and everything else and this is going to sound like a long story but it is going to make sense in a minute. All right?

 12

 And he gets there and he says’ can you look at me car. It’s been giving me all this trouble. Everytime I stop it goes and all these things happening. Anyway I said fine its getting a bit dark now. I’ll leave it til tomorrow. Next morning I gets up and goes out. He says I’ll try to Start it. Goes out and it wont start.

 So, I hand another one there so I said what have they done. And he went through it all. I said OK. Now we got a running car here, a Commodore with the right motor, the right carburettor, The right distributor the right everything else. I said what else was left on this from the original motor?

 He said well we’ve got two things. One is the distributor and we got the carburettor. I said OK well you’ve had a brand new distributor put in He says Yep. I said all right we’ll put a carburettor on and he has had that done too. Well lets do it individually. 

 Give us your old distributor. Puts it in and everything else. Hit the key bugger me dead the thing fired up smooth. I said there’s nothing wrong with this. I said all right lets change the carburettor. So we changed the carburettor, this new one.

 Anyway so, the car started and went well. He said test it out this is not all it does. So we waited overnight and next morning it won’t go again.

 I said all right lets put the carby back and lets just change the distributor. So, changes the distributor. Changed the distributor and hit the key, she runs as smooth as glass, Leaves it overnight.He said, just test it. Happened every morning.

 Anyway same problem. I said well lets just see. I finally got the car started right and it fired up on 24 thinking it was the same as instead of tow starting. It which you couldn’t tow… Anyway so I did that and she starts and she’s running smooth. I said I Might have fixed it. Bugger me dead she won’t start again.

 Anyway start again and I thought what am I going to do here? About all these different things I did and All went over every single thing he’d done and I come down to something. I said the old block and head was thrown away and this is a brand spanking new motor, you see. He had a wire from the positive terminal of the battery …… And then I went across and I just went #%#@#@# on the carby, And do you know what? He has….. I couldn’t figure out exactly why this fellow.

 She’d run like a mongrel dog and then after it stops and you re hit the key everything runs smooth. She’s running like a mongrel dog and the cars going along itself and straight back on again , which Means that the motor is still going the alternator send a back field and everything else you know when You turn it down your alternator light comes on. And I turned it back on and the motor is smooth, smooth as glass.

By turning the key off and turning it back on again the motor is smooth and that’s what he has been doing every time that he pulls in and its running rough as guts.

 He pulls in to a mechanical shop, or an engineer, or an electrician or anything else. And he turns the car off and they go and change everything and then they come back out and hit it a second time, because when he’s turned it off, the motor’s been still going in the day time and she does it. She’s going and then you turn the key of and the generator light comes on and what are we running on

The reverse charge.

 13 

 I said, I had a car that when we sent in and we pulled the motor down and everything else and we found out, bugger me…… in the other way. Anyway, and that changed the frequency they just had there. Funny thing is, if they would have put a new distributor or another distributor and another carburettor, you know instantly when they put the motor in instead of the original one, the car probably would never have had any problems.

 But this damn well did, with that one distributor and one carburettor and everybody kept changing them one at a time. And I ended up changing one at a time and then when it didn’t work, put it back. I never changed the two at a time.

 And nobody from the NT to here ever changed the distributor and the carburettor at the same damn time. They put a different distributor in and everything else and they run it and then the car didn’t start the next morning. That stinking thing picked up the field and become a problem child.

 And then when he comes in and has the carburettor replaced then see now they got a new distributor and a used carby but it stopped overnight and it sent the stinking field into that distributor and it kept switching and change the distributor it was in the carburettor.

 And they are aluminium. Both of those are aluminium and the rest of the motor is cast iron. Put that in your records with all the rest of the stuff and it took the first car to start it on flaming 24 while it is going cross the leads back, big spark and then put it on and everything is fine. Change the polarity.

 The funny thing was that the battery, the 24v didn’t do it on the Commodore. But shorting out the positive to the flaming negative did. That changed it. As soon as we did that, apparently if you do that you figure this out. when you touch the wire on, atomically or magnetically wise and everything else and if you think of the atoms in it you disturb their fields. If they are lined up in a certain direction it disturbs them, and they’ll end up in a different direction. And what’s happened is, this flaming thing, they didn’t line up.

 Now apparently I find out and I didn’t know before anywhere or anything else when they were down there with Ian Hakon and Barry Hilton and everything else we had a cone set up. Is that Ok to say? We had a cone set up down there with the orange 4 pegs on the side and everything else, three things. What we had was …They never told me. I asked them whose cells is this? And they would not tell me.

 They said The fellow doesn’t want you to know he just wants you to check out. He’s done a lot of playing with this and it’s not doing what he wants. So that was on the tape when I was down there. and everything else. And Barry Hilton, upset.

 You seen the tape? Mate. I don’t know why I didn’t throttle him. He drove me so crazy and Barry Hilton, he’s the one who drove me so flipping crazy. He’s the one who wrote all the books about me. The Joe phenomena book.

The Joe cell, Joe X Everything else, he’s the. This is Hilton Dynamics. He’s in partnership with Ian Hakon and so on like that and he’s the one who drove me so pathetically crazy. and when he pulled the cell to pieces he did not take notice where the cones were.

 And I said, Were the cones stacked up this way, because you see, when we put this in, you understand this now. When we are putting an electrical field in we got a positive and a negative we are connecting up but we got neutral plates and ascending field frequencies.

 Do you understand? And when you hook that up once and send a field through, do you know if you change them to any other plates you are mixing up your fields.

 14

 you can do the same as these stinking cars with problems and I told them that it is what has happened to me in the past too, And not just, me but other people they’ve mixed up their plates and their cells don’t stinking work. They’re playing up and doing all these radical things all over the place.

 So, when I was down there and everything else I asked Barry has he kept the plates in order, the cones in order, as they come out of the thing. Doesn’t matter he said, Well nyeah nyeah nyeah. It flaming does matter. It know where they are, you just now messed up, so I can’t tell you what it is and I can’t get it back and it is now random.

 So what I got to do is then I had to go to each one of those cones and everything else and I had to touch them with the battery and make them a spark.

Because they are lined up either magnetically or frequency wise and the damn stainless with the water in it becomes highly volatiley magnetic, but when the water is not in there it is not. If you put normal water in, non-charged into stainless, there is no magnetism. This way there is

 So we are setting up magnetic fields and magnetic fields are either N and S or whatever else the way and there is field effects. Like a solenoid you either push a piston out in the middle, you pull a piston in. you get spike effects On the side you are using different things. 

 We can wire one, one way to the left, we can wire them to the right. We can wire them front to back, back to front and we get different things. Like understanding it.

 If you take a piece of metal and you want to make a magnet out Of it, right, just an ordinary screwdriver or something like that. if you hook it up to a battery. you grab a piece of Copper wire and you grab your screw driver and you wrap your Copper around it.

 Now I’ m going to describe a couple of ways if you wrap your copper around from one end just say east to west, on the screwdriver whichever way you hold it in the air. Say, well let’s do it another Way holding your screwdriver in Your left hand. So we wind it clockwise from the right hand side of it to the left hand side and then we connect it. The wires to the battery and we put our left hand where we entered our wiring and we put that on negative. And we put where we started we put that one on positive OK we will end up with the negative on our right

 Hand towards positive. We will end up with, that’s our north pole, we will end up with south pole on the other hand towards the Negative, because opposites attract. Understand?

You can do it different ways and it will give you this different effect. So don’t just…. This way.

 Now the other thing is if you start off again, come back to Your screwdriver. you start winding and same way, hold that screwdriver in the left hand and you start winding it anticlclockwise with a copper wire in your with your right hand and now you put the same wires on again, you put the one in your left hand where it comes out, you finished, you put on the negative and you put the one which you finished up here in your right hand on to this positive, you now will have the opposite flaming magnetism in that screwdriver

 You will have south on the end what had north arid you’ll have north on the end what had south. If you turn the screwdriver right around and start winding it the same as we just said it, it will do the Opposite again. It will give you north-south in its winding.

 OK Now if we hold that screwdriver down to a flaming piece of metal it is going to Pick it up’, No matter which way you wind it it’s going to pick it up.The piece of metal you are picking up it can be picked up by either North and south end. The thing what gets rejected or attracted is two magnetic fields you get two magnets and you hold the N and the N ends to each other they won’t go together, They repel. 

 15

 you turn the two around and you aim the two South ends together, they repel, You turn one of them around you get north-south, You turn both of them around and you get south-north and they attract. you understand? Now you see that’s four different ways.

 Those two magnets you take them to a piece of metal and you are trying to create an electro-magnetic Field or you are creating a frequency or a field in the screwdriver, bang it on to something to make it ring Like shit. OK Or heat it up and you alignment changes to nowhere again, anywhere, nowhere, and thats not

That’s how you disturb it ,the cell now I find out. Mix them up. I had to then ‘o and hook them up, all the other damn things I was doing. What was I doing with the carburettor? I also had to do. And our condensers, our coils our flaming sumps our different things frequency wise. Does it sometimes make our motors run without generators?. I did, didn’t I? just reverse the polarity not charge.

 The generator effect is, and then he turns the key back on and the stinking thing re-aligns. It wasn’t given a permanent realignment only till next morning and touching the wire from the positive. Terminal up changed them and realigned them and polarised the block and everything

 But Sulley’diesel, it’s the same thing. There’s energy inside Sulley’s diesel sink…. Take the same wire and do the same damn thing and it….. these type of things making and breaking. But you understand by what we are talking about if you play with cells you can’t put a drop of water in the different kinds of diesel motors, motor, and they are actually buggered up.

 But I used a different cell, which gave it………. that motor. I’ll tell you one thing about the Escort motor, though, the Escort Off the manifold the crank ventilator. That is hook up the flaming cell on only the Escort motor and the PCV valve is hooked up, The oil Out Of the sump straight up the PCV into the manifold straight Out Onto the ground on the exhaust.

 So, what we do is we take the PCV hose off and if you look at the tape and everything else you see on the front of the manifold you see that little thing and everything else it’s got a bung over it with a bolt in it, that’s the reason Why that is there because when we put a cell on, now when we take the cell off and go back to normal petrol and air, it damn well emptied the sump of oil.

Nobody else asked that, question I’ve never told anybody else. I spoke to him, while he should have had that camera going, that’s what he tells me That he had ’em off write he should have……. But I do remember now telling him, explaining it to him and he getting it there with The damn thing by putting that on, the hose on..

 Remember we had a completely sealed motor, that means that the oil intake one is sealed. On the Rover, I don’t know if this is too much on the tape but the left hand tappet cover at the back.. Every other part of that motor is sealed. She has electric fuel Pump, we don’t have a hole in this pump. She doesn’t have a PCV valve. The PCV valves are actually in the in the carburettor. Rover, on the left hand side tappet cover, the back of it has a piece of metal tube coming directly straight out of the tappet cover. 

 It is probably not quite as fat as a pencil Have you seen it? And the hose from there goes directly around to the right hand carburettorstraight around the back of the motor and onto the right hand carburettor COMP if this is too much on the tape. I found too, I think it is in tape that motor only run, and for some reason the motor and onto it is on tape, either pulled the hose off or did something else, bumped off or something and the motor stopped

 16

 So I put me finger over that hole and Ron Davis hit the key and the motor started and I felt a suck there. it sucked the end of my finger in which was creating in the sump a vacuum. It created a vacuum. Now I bent me finger off it a little bit, leaving me finger off the end of the hole a little bit and let air in. You could hear it sucking in. Now that’s should be, should be blow by.

 But when I took me finger a little bit off the edge and everything else and let a little bit of air seep in then the motor started to run rough and die down, put me finger back on and it ran all right.

Does any water work a cell? Yes, every and any, but, the but is, what you got to do is have your right frequency and you got to be able to pull all that stuff out.

You got to be able to produce what you seen on tape and so on like that, so it means you got to have the right plating in order, you got to have the right fields.

you got to have the right insulators and then the effects you have seen you have to have, possibly, but we are not using the water to produce the gas.

 But that’s as I said that’s the only way that I find how much energy is in the cell by lighting a bubble and see what it does.

 Now we may not need that. I don’t know many other ways. But I don’t do that now anyway. I just look at the water and look at the bubble and that’s it. I don’t light them. I don’t play. I don’t bang. I don’t do anything any more. I just know what they are doing now so I don’t have to keep testing to see what that one thing does. I’ve got it down what I can look at it and see. But you’se maybe not yet.

 There may be many other ways without that, without producing that. but that’s the only way I’ve found is that if I’ve got the surface tension and so on, all the shit what is in the water will come out.

We’ve tried bore water. We’ve tried flaming spring water. We’ve tried dam water. We’ve tried tap water. Stacks and stacks and stacks of stuff. Now I understand that some waters we find is a bit contrary. You know like we keep pulling shit, and shit and shit and we don’t get the stuff out, you know we never seem to get it out.

 And then there are some other waters that don’t do a damn thing; no bubbling, no crap, no nothing. All right?

 Now those waters are doing things, you know like some water use an energy field to lock the crap in. Understand?

A man uses aluminium again, ’cause you got to find an opposite frequency to get the damn things out and this is what happened in that bucket in the shed, and so on. The bucket come from the tap, the tap was clean, the water in the tap was clean.

Rocky creek dam, it is putrid and it smells and it’s got fish in it and you know all the rest. You would not drink that water. And it would just taste like an old rotten dammy river water anyway, and nobody wants to drink that So they put all those ingredients in there.

Now what that bucket did was drop them out. See? So I found a frequency to get them out. So what it virtually means is, that without finding, going through, Re the guy up in Cairns and everything else, without going through say 20 different waters till he found a frequency to purify all those waters. OK

 You probably got a cell which is giving a frequency out, but the frequency may not be a total frequency for tuning in all kinds of water. It just seems like, it took me a long time too. All right.

 17 

 I’m not saying as long as you’se, but I’m saying a long time before it happened for me and I found out a cell and I had to improve that cell a few times till I got it reactive or not whether it had salt in it whether it had minerals in it or anything else. But they all come out.

 But I still got the over -running underlining thing which is the bubbles, the gas, the implosion and the field that I run the water with. Whether that water was still cacky or not.

 We got some people’s cells would just pull water out at the surface. They’ll never drop it. We’ve got some people who drop water. You know we’ve got people who will never take it out of the water.

It just means they haven’t hit the right frequency ………

 The difference is with mine and most others is, I do seem to have a much upgraded cell than some other people out there. Now I’m not saying everything. I know there are some people out there who have built virtually the similar cells and are doing a similar thing.

 But I don’t know what’s happening then when they put that water to cars, they haven’t maybe got the cars going. But I’m not after cars and I don’t care if they are. But, They have tried on that I suppose some have and some haven’t. But they get different reactions, you know, a whole heap of different things. And, it’s what our mind goes through a little bit and we find this frequency. So you either, if you’ve got a cell that doesn’t work then you keep finding a water or you keep changing your insulators if you think they are shorting out and so on.

 Or, you know, we don’t just leave it on and see if it works over a 24hr period. If it doesn’t work in a few seconds or half a minute, turn it off. You found out what happens. It’s stuffsit. It dirties it up. It’s buggered. If it doesn’t work in that time you haven’t got it.

 And that’s what I tell people, don’t leave it going for ages and ages because if it doesn’t work in the same time you haven’t got it.

 Before you bugger something and so on And try another water. Try another insulator or something. Always leave negative in the inside centre, wherever you find centre. Right? In different places the centre I described to you Bob, so you got to look at it and think about it.

Centre may not be where you think it is.

 But it is always centre, always centre. Always centre. …………….. Not critical, because we had the Rover running as I said before of Christians cordial bottle but couldn’t rev up. It was starting and running We’ve had it running on a bottle. We have had it running on straight tubes and so on. We have had it running off a plastic bucket. We’ve had it off the big long you know stainless what Peter Stevens took. With the one behind the lounge that you seen, that’s a heap shorter.

 Different configurations and everything else too you know because the configuration of those diamond shapes what are in the first cells is not what I’ve ever used again. See I don’t go back and start using the same things as I ever used before.

If I know it works I move on. I’m a strange one.

 What happens is if I ever build a car , say a Datsun and put a V8 into it, ill never do that again not for anybody else not for myself again. All right. In a Datsun, sorry Rachael says Yes I did. In a Datsun I did it twice. A Datsun 200 and 200B I did it twice the reason being because the first one got stolen. Three days after we got it registered it, it got stolen. So I built another one.

 18

 other than that I never do things twice. if I do a job and I achieve the best I can in that job that’s it for me. I don’t keep that job going I don’t keep going back to it and doing things. I move on. I want to learn. I want to increase.

 So all the cells I got Out there, you’ll find every damn one Of them, none of them are the same. But each one of those ones I’ve found out about them, each one of those ones they’ve given me the surface tension.

They give me the implosion, explosion and all these different gases and pulling all the shit out. And also healing. And also running cars. And I’ve played with that. But imagine you’se have played with this for this long. I had to play a fair bit to get them like that. But, it seems like I am gifted with not many failures on that.

 I am not saying I’m a perfect guy or anything else, I’m just saying the maybe the Lord, he put it and gave me just a little bit more without experimenting a lot. I didn’t find all the failures I found something and each cell seems to you know be ……..

 We have to finally do it. The other thing I’d like all of you’s to do, is try and rent the video if you haven’t already got it or seen it go and rent the video on ‘Chain Reaction’ . Chain reaction. It’s Keanu Reeves is talking about. Now I’m not saying this is how you do cells or anything else, but it is giving you an idea, what others are, you can visually look at it. produce hydrogen on demand, right, and they did that in a big glass vat.

 These people in America were trying to produce hydrogen on demand. And then when they found that they were not able to make it stable to make it stably burn for cleaning up the pollution and you know all the rest of the stuff. It wasn’t stable. So they were trying to find out what makes it stable and Keanu Reeves is making a machine to try and find a frequency, OK A tuning frequency to make it stable. And he hit it, if you watch the video you’ll find out without going into it. He found it by lathing a bit of stainless, and there was a squeal when the lathe comes around, and that squeal turned the light on and made the frequency the right kind of one.

She’s going Reek! Reek! Reek! around as it’s lathing and the light come on every time. But it went around and squealed. Yeah. No, not one in his cell. He was trying to find a frequency and the frequency turned lights on. He had a whole range You watch the video and you’ll see it. OK You’ll see it.

 What he did then, he had, he used to have an organ so he turned the electric organ on to try and produce the same eeeeeeeee instead of reek! Reek’ Reek! As the lathe went around he hit the same tune, put it onto a tape, played it and the light stayed on. So that frequency worked and then he went and hooked it on this Hydrogen. And the flipping thing was stable, all right. But, and it gives you an idea of you know what they went through trying to find.

 And they went on and pestered and pestered and persisted to try and get this right thing to make it stable. Scientifically with everything, We got no, I know all of us don’t have scientific labs or know what we are doing anywhere or anything for testing or anything else. Me included. I got nothing. it’s just feel, sense, look and do and then what have we got? These guys here had all the machinery, OK. And when they did, this, this is what you got to watch out for.

 As soon as they found it and it was all working and everything else you got spies in the camp government come in and blew them away because they didn’t want them.

 19 

 ut watch the video tape first on “Chain Reaction”. It gives you an idea, you know. ……………… I got one here. It was on TV the other night, but you go down to any video store and they have it. Chain Reaction. It’s a video. It’s a Film. It’s a movie. You know video store. Video Ezy, flaming Blockbusters anything else like that. it was on TV here again the other night, so I just put it on cassette tape here so we can re-watch it again if we need to.

 Not that I do that, not that I learnt off that or anything else. It is only just a new recent movie, but it is very good because you can find out what has happened to me with you know break and enter and bugging and following, threats and shit and everything else and you know what it can come down to. And these guys here, it happened to them too. All right? But the actual making of the hydrogen and oxygen, this is what America is doing. I mean it is taking off the real ideas. It’s not make up stuff. It is real ideas on producing hydrogen and oxygen and they are shooting laser beams into the water and splitting it that way. You understand?

 And then they are trying to make it stable, to make it burn, you know complete burn. See. You think about it, you’se may have got some bubbles coming off water. But, have you got water which when you put a match to it keeps burning? Take the match away and the whole thing keeps burning, that is what they are after, a continuous burn, you understand? Not just one bang.

 It’s no good getting a motor in and going boom! And that’s it You want a motor to keep going. They wanted the flame to keep going and this is what they hit it by finding the right frequency what makes it stable and keeps it running.

 Yeah. All of those things, keeps it in tune, keeps it stable, keeps it running and that. See, on the tapes and everything else, I explain there that if I turn the power off and on we change to another gas. If we turn the power off and on I’m in another gas. Now you see if you go to different gases are they all going to run a car

 Or are they all going to do what you want it to do? They all got to be, you know, a torch if you want a torch. They all got to do what you want? No they are not. So what you got to do, is you got to find something that keeps yourself in that one frequency so your water don’t go off, you still got the same energy and nothing can effect it.

 So we run these pipes down past coils in the car and try to figure out Why don’t the gas come out? We are not after gas. Why don’t the energy come out? Well, flaming, we are just running the damn thing through an electro magnetic field, because when you got a coil you can put a meter in it and find this great big field around it because the pipes straight past it, it interferes with that energy field.

 Because there’s a frequency coming out of the coil into the atmosphere like an electromagnetic coil effect and everything, you know, aura thing, and you’ve got another energy field coming past it, they don’t like each other. 

You run it past a spark plug lead you’ll find with your meter you’ve got a great big ring around that electro magnetic field and you want to run this thing passed that too? You understand? And it is going to interfere with it. You wouldn’t think that you could kill LPG. They didn’t know about that.

 But this field in the cell killed it (the LPG) and we got it back by running on a positive terminal. Now that’s a field, that’s a frequency, that’s something.

 20

 So we want if we’ve got LPG we want it stable so we can light it all the time. We don’t want it that we turn our car off, a fork lift or something else and next time we turn it off we ain’t got that gas in. We got something else. We want it stable.

 So the difference is in mine and everything else is if I hook it up to electricity in the car, If I was running a gas and everything else you see on the cells. If I had had gas production. And I hop into a car and I have the power off the car running to the cell. We turn the key on now and we start the car if that’s the gas we got, if we are running the gas. And then I turn the key off we get a back field.

 Then I turn the key back on again, hang on, me car won’t go. We are in a different gas. And that’s been shown on there with the balloons and the bubbles and the everything, that’s not what we want. We want to stay stable.

 So the best way is, don’t turn the power on, don’t hook the power up so it can’t interfere. So I’ve found the cells that I don’t hook the power up because that’s what it does.

 Not that I want the gas, but I found on cells outside if I got power to the mongrels I change gases. So I got to find a way to make it with, you know, no differences. It’s got to stay for what I want it to stay. See Now what’s going to make it stay the same? What is it? Well I can’t tell you.

 But it’s just, the thing is each one of those cells, mate, they all do different things. We can all make different gases out of them all and everything else, but I can also make them do what I want them to do when I want them to do it. And I don’t know how I do that, it just happens. It’s a knowingness and a watching of the bubbles and saying no that’s not what I want

 If I hook it up that way, I’m not going to hook it up that way again because I know what that does. And that’s not what I want. So I’ve achieved something where I line up me waters and I know which ways to do it, you know. Short out the plates, do all these different things, change the wires until I make that water become the water that I want.

 And then I keep that field going and everything else so I make it do what I want each time.

 See, in the keg, each time that I light it it’s the same stuff. When I light the other keg and everything else, you know Pip. Pop, fart and everything else and don’t light. The beer keg is stable at one thing. That is with the power on, with the power off.

 And even though it is coming after we pop the stuff it stays the same stuff. I just built that. It happened and I keep that one. Nobody plays with that one. You see. They can play with all the rest of the things. Don’t care ……………………

 See we went through heaps and heaps of kegs until we found one that doesn’t have the magnetism in it or at least as damn possible. You see……………………………. If you’ve got a magnetic keg to start with, I’m not saying now that you got water and a charge in it. Because that’s what happens after. See, a non-magnetic keg prior to water and neutral plates going into it, is non-magnetic. Put the plates, put the water and Bingo, now it is violently magnetic.

 So that’s not what we are looking for. All right. Take the water out and it is gone…………………………… So, yeah, The chain reaction thing is really doing Re what you’se are all going to have to play with, because I cant tell youse there isn’t a simple thing. There isn’t a simple cell. Right. There isn’t just one cell.

 21

There isn’t just one water .There isn’t just one frequency. Understand. There isn’t just one gas. There isn’t just one mineral what comes out of the water.Heaps and heaps and heaps, there’s three pages of them.

 You see, and each one of those minerals give a different frequency as an alignment. So you got lead and lead oxide gives one frequency.

 But you mix up 10 different minerals you’ve got a heap of variety of different frequencies. If you got 20 minerals you then definitely haven’t got the same frequency as 10 minerals or 2 minerals. So the cells seem to get all of these things out, stabilise everything, align everything up and everything else and that’s what I just can’t give you because it’s not something that you can do.

 Out if you take it from here like what other people have done, we’ve got people here, we get in the room here, they bring their water down. They bring their cells down. fire it up all here, they take it home. this other guy here with the F I 00 that lifts off the ground kept coming here with cells and he takes ’em home, and he found out that when he gets they are still working and he plays with them for a couple minutes and everything stops. him a lot of years to find out. He got a dowser in. he found out that where he used to get back aches and everything, he found out where he used to sit in a chair and watch TV he’s sitting right in a negative grid line. Right on the dead crossing of it. And under the house where he kept taking these cells and everything else when he left here was flaming right in the wrong damn field.

 And that, he took them from here and they were working and he went up there and he didn’t realise it, he was attracted to negative energy and he sat in his chair there and said I like this spot. You would think if it was a bad spot, bad grid line you wouldn’t like being there, saying errrrrrrrr I don’t like this. But this guy was attracted to it and he didn’t realise it until after the douser come in, moved his chair from one side of the room to the other, moved his TV, he never got a backache again.

 And now when he takes his cells and he puts them outside the flaming shed instead of under the house because the douser found him on this line and everything else, the cells are doing something now and he’s been working for years trying to make these things, you know, and they weren’t damn well doing anything for him and he found out, says Bugger me dead it’s sitting on a field. A frequency and it stuffed me.

 So you see, how do I give you something from here what’s is working and you take it over wherever you are and you hop on the same as him and you hop on the flaming frequency field.

Or you’ve got a negative person come in or you rum it past a coil or you got a flaming you know transformer sending its energy field out across it You say no this isn’t working.

 But you see you’ve got to build a cell then to override the flaming transformer. And if it works with the transformer there and you take it somewhere else and bugger me you say AAAHHH! It won’t work. Why won’t it work?

 They bring it back here and they don’t realise it is the transformer interfering with it. It’s working here. I tell you. It’s not working over there. But see then you have got to build a cell with the right frequency for over there, away from the, see?

 And it just seems like I built something which over-rode all those kind of things. That’s all I have done. And its not something I can put together and tell you.

The cell, it transfers, like it’s doing when it drops the shit out of the bucket it is definitely making its own field. It separates its own water.

 It makes water ’round it so it can’t effect it. Like dropping out of the bucket it cleans its own water and puts its own field in the water. Because you can take that water there and it’s damn charged water and you put it into another bucket and it damn drops the shit out of there.

 22

 So you see this field is ongoing. It’s a chain reaction that’s making its own field. When we hook it into a car and we set it all up, the buggers who hop into the car can’t affect the car now

 You see, it’s not the first…….. the young boy when he leans on the mudguard now. You see we got all this field into the body and it’s got so much in there and now these boys don’t affect it. And all these negative energies and everything else don’t effect them. It’s just we built these different kinds of cells. 

We’ve got tube cells. We’ve got plate cells. We’ve got disk cells. We’ve got flaming cone cells. We’ve got half disks, half tubes, half cones, all the different configurations and I find different ones which is on the video.

 And I had that other cone upside down, you know the big cones upside down in the bottom. That worked beautifully until I found a water with aluminium in it. I was using water without aluminium and that worked perfectly.

 And Les Backey down there, who is Ian Hakon’s mate who goes there all the time, you can go down there and see this. We had a beer keg that I had working perfectly. Took it down there and I left it there. Because we had this cone set up and my neutral plating was negative and positive were in different places And it was working perfect and then I ended up putting the water in there because my other water was taken by somebody I won’t mention. Anyway so, I then had to go and get some other water and I didn’t know what was in that water because I’ve got no way of analysing that water.

 You see, anyway, so I put this water in and I found out the damn thing had aluminium in it. And what happened within probably half a minute was I had 50 million holes in the beer keg. It ate 50 million pin holes through the beer keg.

 I said Hang on a minute. What’s going on here? So then the next set of cones what is in line there doesn’t have that underneath, you see that cone upside down. I don’t do that one any more because I found well ok, I got to build something else. Because if I ever get aluminium in water or it’s there and I don’t know it’s there, I find out that that kind of cell actually activates the aluminium and eats holes straight through the stainless.

 And I took that keg down to Les Bakey’s and everything else with all these 50 million pin holes and everything else in it and said, I don’t want the thing. He’s still got it down there somewhere. All right? So I then made the next one.

 Now the next one I could put aluminium water in it, and plain water into it, and sewerage water into it and everything else, but I changed that you see. So if I gave you the one with the cone upside down, now you got a wrong cell.

You might have a right cell without aluminium, but you won’t have a right cell for aluminium.

 And now if I give you the one I have now and someone like that doing those waters, then you take it over to flaming Adelaide or down to Melbourne and you know to Perth, anywhere to the top of Australia and you are dabbling in a different energy field. See magnetism in the earth’s energy fields, grid crossing, everything else and that flaming cell may not do anything for you there. Understand?

 So where ever you are doing it you have to put a cell together yourself, make it work there, hook it up to your car. Then your car will drive through all those grids. All those magnetic fields.

 Like I did here. I took it from here and drove it to Melbourne and back. I took it from here and drove to Towoomba, 5 days and nights and back. 

 23

 And it went through all the polarities in the earth, the four in the earth in the mornings and everything else and nothing killed it. Nobody killed it. You understand?

 But I found it happening first. That it was killing it. If I give you something Re that and you take it up there or it won’t work, it’s buggering up, so, It’s like the bucket it will make its own field around the car and around everything else and around the cell.

 And we got people up in Ingham and Cairns and Brisbane and everywhere else. Some people come near these cells when they’ve turned them on to try them, I don’t know whether you’se have found this, maybe you have and some people come in and they feel fantastic.

And their mates beside them start to feel nauseous, sick in the belly, nauseous in themselves and they Leave. And we found out that those fellows and everything else are negative. And every time they come near they are feeling great. And then they come up near the cell, Blah!

So they don’t go near the cell anymore, you see, they feel sick. You see that the cell is actually sending a field out for you to feel great and for them to feel nauseous. You see. Marvellous isn’t it!

 What do we got to do to the fellow to get him around the cell if the cell is interfering with him, isn’t he interfering with the cell? Well you found that out yourself, that some people are killing the things so I found ways of lining the people up. I described it to you. So you do that to different people if they feel that way.

Don’t do it to positive people what everything is working for because you might counter act it. You see?

 You yourself here Bob, I don’t think you would need to hook up to the battery, because you are not a negative person. What we do have is some people who kill the bubbles, kill the water, kill the cells and so on. They are the ones you need to line up on the battery. And the battery seems to be on the same sort of a frequency to bring the person around the cell. You see.

 Any kind of AC electricity, you got to go and make, But that’s an electrical field, a frequency, and a hertz, you know, so many hertz. OK And it only works on DC. You know, put all those things together and just keep playing.

 I’ll tell you one other fellow which is a guy that’s got, I told you has got those … He tried and tried and tried with Jacky Lou over here and everything and he wanted to make the water. He come here like you. He wanted to find out about the water. He’s got waters. Tried every kind of waters and it wasn’t doing what I was doing. He wanted ……..can’t give it to you because it may not do the same thing…….

There’s no such thing as just the water. So I said go and play and if you haven’t got what I got then find out what you damn well do have and see what it does. So You know what he did?

 He went out and he put the waters in and everything else and he put his cell together and he flaming found out, …..he had to test it. He found out that plain straight water produced greater ozone, 50 times more pure ozone, and you buy to put in your swimming pool. Now, what he did, is he had this analysed and found that out. And then he’s got a mate in the swimming pool business.

 So they went over and tried putting some of this water into a swimming pool and the flipping Water, won’t go dirty and it won’t go slimy and it won’t go green and it doesn’t get shit in it and any leaves any gunk falls straight to the bottom. Right. Yeah. You know.

 24

 It’s out there now, ’cause what the guy did, without telling me and asking me and everything else he took that cell. The pool place here started making them. And then he sent 14 of them over to Perth. To some man over in Perth. I don’t know who it is. And now they are releasing them. And he was looking for what you are looking for to run a car. He still looking for running a car. But, he produced this. Now he’s got a business.

 Somebody’s got a business, because it damn well does it and it’s off plain straight water. And it defied the government, that the damn cell, I told him to look at what he’s got. He did he went and had it analysed. And it is without any of its chlorine’s and fluorides and shits and powders and anything else it’s keeping the pools clean.

He’s just got a cell that the water pumps through, and everything is beautiful and it’s putting out ozone 50 times more greater and in strength than you can make in a pool with all these minerals and shit and everything else that buggers your eyes and ears and everything else and stings your skin and everything, he’s doing it on plain straight water. It’s been analysed. Giving you that. He put 14 cells together and sent them over and they got a business going now.

 You know what I mean. What was he looking for? You know what he hit? He hit a frequency what gave him ozone and cleans up stinking water. But he’s not happy with that. He wants a car. He didn’t listen to me, he would have went ahead through that. He was ready to pull the cell to pieces and throw the thing away and start again. And my big mouth flaming told him to go and look at it so he went and had it analysed and now he’s got flaming plenty of money and we haven’t seen him now for months and months and months. and instead of running cars. He’s trying it. He’s not got these damn things and they are producing them.

 I don’t know who it is in Western, Australia, Perth, but he sent them over there and that’s what they are doing.

Look at the guy up in Ingham. Great. You want rain, call him. You understand?

 We got another guy up in Cairns and everything else, put a cell together. He’s not got to run a car. Know what he’s doing? He’s healing cancers. He’s healing people who are in wheel chairs who can’t walk. He’s got people up who have flaming got 2 to 3 days by the doctors. And they are running around, smoking, drinking, driving and everything else.

 Now I’m in. You understand……. put together to do the same thing. …… don’t know what you are going to do or what you have and everything else, right?

 Another thing, the guy Alen, my mate Alen and everything else. Who’s been here. The guy up here I said was on the grid line, takes his cells from here. This is the guy with the F 1 00 and lifts off the ground. OK. He put cells together up at his place, outside of the grid line, everything else and he said come up and check me water. it’s not working for me too well and everything else. So I goes up there and he gives me this glass container, now he sells trees.

He re-pots plants and he carries them down to Sydney, you know palm trees, buckets, everything else 

 25

 Anyway, so this guy and everything else he calls me up there and so on. He gives me this glass container and he’s got a water tank, you know just a tank under his house. Andhe said this is the water I been using. It’s got no sewerage no alum no anything else in it. He says, Can you test it for me? You seem to have the feel for it and know what to do and how to change it and everything else. So he gives me this little glass and I scoop some of the water out and I pours it into this. He’s only got you know those food preservative jars with the orange flip over lid on it. He’s got a small one of them with his tubes in it as an experimental thing in his house and so on. So straight away I turns a 12v battery and everything else on to it and instantly we have about half an inch of oil on the surface and it stinks. And I says, That smells like a cough mixture, tea tree. That smells like tea-tree.

 Anyway, and you know you can’t turn the power off and on and off and on and off and on and all that because you interfere with the field.

 So he’s got this big box of tissues like that there under his house, you know he’s down there blowing his nose and wiping his hands and cleaning up and when the minerals come to the surface, he just dunks them in, don’t turn it off. He dunks a tissue in, soaks ’em up and drops them off. He says, There’s tea tree on the surface. How did we get tea tree into plain water? He didn’t say anything at first

 So, I went through one large box of tissues with this oil soaking it in and you put it in your mouth and you burn the clappers out of your mouth and smell, wow. And I ended up with a whole box on the ground and he said I’ll go and get you some more Joe. So he goes upstairs and gets another box, brings it down and we went through half of that.

 And here we have this pile, and you pick it up by hand and she weighs a flipping heaps with all this raw tea-tree. And we still got the same water in the glass container. We haven’t added any.

 I said Jock  ‘This is reproducing the stuff’  Where did we get this? He says, Oh! Joe I’m so silly. He says, The glass container that I gave you to dip the water out, he says, I use that. I put water into it for when I’m re-pot planting these little suckers and everything else. I put a drop of tea tree oil into the water and he said I pour it onto each one of the little suckers and it gets rid of bugs and everything else growing on it.

 He said, There’s not even a smell or vapour of that oil in that glass container. The little glass cup. I says, well it is flipping reproducing it.

 We’ve got now a ton of the damn stuff on the ground here. I said we are shutting the cell down now. So I turned it off and stopped it. He said Well that’s not doing what I want. He said I want to get it going like what you’re doing.

 So I said Well all right have you got any other water around here? This is the last bit of it now. We’ll finish this. So he says I’ve got a beautiful bore, well, down the back, I dug myself It’s all rock lined and everything else like that. It’s got beautiful spring water in it. So, he said, We’ll go and get some of that. I said Great.

 So he takes this container, walks down into all these trees and goes down to this thing. You know Bit of long grass because he hasn’t mowed it around and he’s down further into a valley and he’s up on the hill a bit and there’s all these houses around, farm houses and things like that. Anyway, I goes down and I dips some of this water out of the well. And he says That should be beautiful water.

 And I look at it and I says It’s milky and I smelled it and I said “It smells like sewerage” He said, no it can’t, its beautiful water.

 26

 I said well this has damn well got sewerage in it. Anyway he says Oh shit! How did that get in there. I said well what have you done around here? is there a sewerage broker or anything else. He says, Oh! Joe. I’m so stupid too! He said, All these people around here used to have tanks, sewerage tanks in their place and he said I made an agreement with them to pump their sewerage down in and over there about 500 yards. He said

 I just pushed up this dam thing and everybody around here is pumping their raw sewerage into that. I said, You bugger, What did you line it with? He said, Nothing. I said it’s soaked straight through the water table and it is in your well now you idiot and he said, anyway He says, Well you can’t use that I said, Now wait a minute How about we take some of it and try it. Anyway, so we takes it up and put it in the same glass container and I said, Go and get another box of tissues. You’re going to need them.

 He says why. I says, Because you should see what’s coming out here now. We turned it on, you ever been to the tip or anything else and you know where they got the sewerage plants. We got a sewerage plant right beside the tip. And out of the sewerage plant after they dry out all the sewerage and everything else it looks like asbestos fibery stuff and stinks like buggery, they put it into a truck and go and dump it in the dump yard That’s the wastage which is dried out after the sewerage has been treated. All right’? And it smells real funny stuff. It doesn’t smell like sewerage, it’s got a horrible funny, real gungy smell.

 All right. That stuff. As soon as I turned the glass container on and everything else, this damn stuff, this dry powdery stuff was on the surface. And I said, I’ve seen this out of our dump, you know that come from the sewerage plant. So we are taking it off in the tissues. And we went through another box of tissues and it is still producing it and we haven’t used any water. And I said, Come on, this is too much.

 I said I don’t want sewerage do I and it starts to build up and build up and everything else and I said That’s it. Turn her off. I said What we are doing Jock is, I said We are just reproducing the stuff. ……………………..

 I told you that the other day. I told you. If you come and everything else I can reproduce whatever you want. Anything. But not the cell for running the car. Not the keg for producing those bubbles or running the car, because that cell there I’m not changing them. Not going to touch it.

I’ve got other cells, I’m not going to touch either. They are doing this. In fact what we’ve got and we’ve got the analyser. I haven’t got it here to show you, but I can prove everything to you, Allen over there’s got it.

 We took some water out of Boring Creek out here It is creek water. it runs off the hill out of a spring. The water is cool and crystal clear, there’s nothing in it, virtually, you know what I mean. We were using that water and I was using that in my shed and it was absolutely beautiful. No muck, no gunk, no nothing. 

It was coming out and giving me all the surface bubbles and everything else, No shit. And then Allen decides he wants to go and flaming have a play.

 27

 So he said Can I borrow the cell? And I said well it hasn’t left here before. I suppose. And so on. So he took it and he got some of the same water. Exactly the same place and when he turned the cell on where he took it to, which is only probably about a mile and a half from where I was, straight away we got all this black slimy guncky shit all on the surface. Well I didn’t I wasn’t there. And he rings up and says Mate I got all this shit on the surface. And I said Well it never happened in my shed, I said you can’t.

 He said Yeah. We have. Anyway and he said I put me finger in it and he said It is slippery. I smell it and I tasted it. And he said, Mate if I wasn’t so stupid, I would say this was crude oil. I would say it is crude oil. I saidOh bull shit. I said, hang on a minute. I’ll come out. I’ll get me cell. I’ll take it back to me shed and see if it does it out there

 After we went out there I brought me cell back, put it into the shed and everything else bugger me dead, the stinking thing done it there. It made it there and we got tons of the damn stuff. So we took it to the university out here. To Graham Lancaster. You can check.

 That’s the head of the water board and done all those analysing for us and he is the university one who does all the New South Wales water. And it cost us money. And he said where did you get this?

 And Allen said does it matter? He said Well yeah, he says if I wasn’t silly he said you’ve got crude oil. You got every ingredient in here which is crude oil. Alan said, That’s what I thought. I said, Where did you get it?

 I said you wouldn’t believe me if I told you. He said, I probably would. I said, No you won’t. We says, This happened off the top of plain straight water from Boring Creek. He said, Bull.

 We said, We told you, you wouldn’t believe us. You’re not kidding are you? No we are not kidding. We can make as much as you want.

 Come and have a look. And he come over and had a look. And we put the plain straight water in it we put the filter and everything else in. Well you got me now. Anyway, now the other thing is, on top of that. I mentioned this to another fellow who came from overseas. And he said he’s heard this story and everything else and I went out and seen him He says These guys tell me that they are doing the water for the government. And he said they were out there checking the water table. tablet

 And he said which is open, beautiful water and everything else, clean as a whistle, and he said they got interrupted they said in the afternoon because this violent chain lightening storm was coming. Anyway, and he said, so they stopped it and came back the next day and said they would finish analysing it the next day. Anyway, so they come back the next day and they had a pool of oil on top of the water, was they hadcrude oil. And the only thing is crude oil. Raw crude oil.

 So we gotta start thinking about whether or not our crude oil and everything else is from fossils fuels, you know the old decaying bones and bodies and everything else, because we made it, and I am not bull shitting you and every … We had stacks of people look at it.

We made crude oil, what the government says is crude oil on the top of water and everything else from plain straight water by putting an electric current to it.

 28

And these people have got water turned into flaming crude oil, a whole basin of pure clear water was turned into crude oil, not just on the surface.

 The whole flipping lot, overnight by hitting it with chain lightening which had to have electricity and frequency and everything else. Chain lightening is DC

And we are putting DC into here and they have it. And this guy said, Mate I can give you the name of the guys and everything else and where the puddle is I went and seen it.

 It’s a water thing that they were using for cows to drink out of and now they can’t drink it because it isstinking of crude oil. It didn’t come up out of the ground. It flipping happened from one afternoon to the next morning they got from water to oil.

 Think of that and put that into your works and jerks to think about too and we can produce as much of that stuff as you want.

 END TAPE 8/11/99
