If Stan Meyer's device works like he
advertises, you would make energy
available universally almost
free. That is a major major major
impact. What I would be concerned about
is the people that sell energy would be
essentially bankrupted would be
essentially bankrupted. Would be
essentially bankrupted. It's what
happened to the Knosogga wagons when
trains came or to the Pony Express when
the telegraph came in. They're going to
wipe out an entrenched power base and
they may not go easily.
I think there's a strong possibility
that we're at a turning point in
history, a complete revolution in human
affairs with a discovery of totally new
energy
sources. Many people are skeptical of
this, but I think we may be going
through the four stages involved in any
revolutionary development. One, it's
nonsense. Don't waste my time. Two, oh,
it's interesting but not important.
Three, I always said it was a good idea.
And four, I thought of it first.
Can you imagine what it would be like if
you could split water and run it into
your engines? You could put water in
your fuel tank to fly airplanes, power
stations.
Ordinarily, we look at water to drink
and wash our clothes. Today you have to
look at water as a fantastic new fuel
source. A world powered by water might
seem like a dream, a pure fantasy, but a
100 years ago that is exactly what the
men of steam would have thought about a
world powered by oil.
Back in the mid 1980s, I was working on
a system putting in some control when a
boiler feed line like this began to have
a water hammer, a vibrational problem.
And I noticed the pipe change
temperature. And I thought, what would
happen if we could harness this energy
in a non-combustible source? That led to
the invention of the hydroic pump.
Turned out to be my first invention. I'd
never invented anything before.
Jim Grigg's first invention was to bring
him into direct confrontation with the
world of
science. The first year or so it was
kind of just a project that was piddled
with kind of like a hobby on the
weekends and spare time uh with
friends. And that was the first time
that we noticed the excess energy was
back in the late
1980s. And I knew that you couldn't get
more energy out than you put in. It
violated the laws of physics. So I just
set the pump to the side for a few
months and and just left it alone.
Didn't mess with it, trying to figure
out where I was making my
mistake. Jim Griggs is bang in the
middle of the American tradition that
has spawned such men as the Wright
brothers and Edison. inquisitive, good
with machines, working away in their
garages and backsheds to turn an idea
into a device that works. In Greek's
case, the mistake in the calculations
that he was so concerned about has not
gone
away. In fact, it seems to have turned
into a major scientific heresy. The
machine appears to produce more energy
than it consumes. And Briggs is now
convinced that that is no mistake.
He has struggled for four years to turn
his spare time enthusiasm into a serious
business. What he has tried to do is to
capture the intriguing effect he'd
noticed in that vibrating boiler pipe
and use it to create a totally new water
heater. One that works without any heat
source. His company now produces what
amounts to a well-gineered water hammer.
It thumps and smashes the water fed into
it and raises the temperature to boiling
point or to steam in a matter of seconds
to replace household or industrial
boilers. Now, they happen to call these
machines pumps.
What we have is a hydroic pump that has
a rotor located inside. It's a cylinder
that has holes board in it at specific
angles and depths ranging from a few
hundred holes up to a few thousand
depending on whether we're going to make
hot water or steam.
The key to the machine seems to be the
number and the design of the holes in
the rotor. Briggs has experimented with
many different combinations to get the
best
results. The rotor fits tightly into a
steel chamber with only a very small gap
between the two. Water is fed into the
gap and the rotor is spun rapidly by a
small electric
motor. As it spins, the water is
pummeled and hammered through the holes.
In seconds, it flows out of the cylinder
as hot water or steam. What's so
extraordinary about such an ordinary
looking machine is the claim that it is
more than 100% efficient. More energy
has been measured coming out in the form
of heat or steam than the electrical
energy needed to turn the rotor. The
term for this is
overunity. Scientifically, this is
supposed to be impossible because it
overturns the fundamental law of
conservation of energy. And yet external
observers claim to have measured here up
to 70% more energy out than in.
It continues to bother me as something
every day you get up and you look to
say, "Well, maybe today I'll find where
I made my mistake in my calculations and
this will be explained or a scientist
will come up with a theory that will fit
what we're doing and explain it."
Tom Groi has had a distinguished career
at one of the leading scientific centers
in America, Fermy Lab. He also has a
nationwide reputation as an investigator
into the unusual. He's far too
experienced to worry about the impact on
his career of working on the fringes of
science. When news about Jim Griggs's
invention began to spread, Dro was
contacted hundreds of miles away in his
home city of Chicago. I came to Georgia
out of a an internet uh group just
happened to put up a note that says uh
why don't we send Tom Droi to Georgia to
investigate this
device. What I said to the group is that
I can't go and prove that it's right or
wrong. What I can do is go and look and
see if the way he approaches the problem
makes sense to me and if he's doing all
the right kinds of things.
Tom Droy was on his way to meet Jim
Griggs and his business partner, Kelly
Hudson.
I believe that uh uh most of the
scientific community is just
close-minded about this and they'll
always be looking or not always,
hopefully not always, but are basically
looking for uh anything to discredit or
disprove what we're doing. And you know,
you're going up against some pretty
smart people that that are saying that.
Well, I I really don't expect to find
anything positive here. None of these
devices have have panned out in the
past, so I I really don't expect this
one, too.
Hi, I'm Tom Droy. Jim Griggs, Tom. Hi,
good to meet you.
What kind of efficiencies are you seeing
out of this on on like a hot water run?
The normal hot water run efficiencies
run anywhere from around a 108%
efficient up to about 115% efficient. I
was shown that it was putting out I
don't know 8 or 10% more energy than it
was put in. But these are just numbers
on a computer and what you're looking
for is something that's convincing. Now
what I did do is try to look at the
experimental technique and ask uh very
specific questions about how they made
measurements. Then we have generally six
J-type thermal couples that feed back to
the data acquisition system. And then
and then you've got a thermometer here
just to check that the the ther
thermouples are reading correctly. The
company has in invested probably in
excess of $50,000 over the last year,
year and a half to buy instrumentation
and take the time to perform some of
these measurements. They they've
invested uh a fair amount of money and
effort and it was actually good enough
to design to take the measurements they
needed to take. Uh what was missing was
uh sophistication in the analysis of the
measurements that they were taking.
True. Tom's comments to us were that we
were not a scientific laboratory, that
we did not keep uh consistent log books,
things that would be
uh just acceptable, you know, a a nice
acceptable laboratory procedure in the
scientific community. But our answer to
that has been we're the first ones to
tell you we are not scientists. That is
not our job.
One either plays the inventor game or
you play the science game. If if you're
playing the inventor game, then you keep
everything completely secret and you
just sell your excess energy. If you're
playing the science game, then then
there are specific rules that that are
in effect. And the key part of the
science game is replication. There were
not even the the most fundamental
scientific processes applied to the way
of making the measurements and the way
to analyze them. Uh, and so I don't
think there's any particular reason to
believe them as true.
Most inventions don't start in a
university or big city. They start in
someone's garage or in someone's brain
as an idea. The fact that we started out
in a little town in Powder Springs,
Georgia, and grew into a bigger plant in
the thriving metropolis of Rome,
Georgia. No, it it it's not surprising
to me.
The visit was inconclusive. Tom Droi
found no proof of overunity, but nor
could he disprove it. Griggs has
installed nine machines so far. In each
case, it's caused some surprise. 250 mi
away, for example, a Griggs machine has
been heating the water for Albany Fire
Station for over a year.
Right after our initial installation, we
measured the output with Jim's team,
representatives from a local university,
one of our local power companies, and we
were all astounded with the
output. Our measurements indicated that
it was the system was more than 100%
efficient, which is very hard to
believe. The average engineer would say
baloney.
uh but uh our measuring devices were
certified and you know until someone
comes along and proves us different we
will say that it is more than 100%
efficient.
The scientific jury is still out on the
Griggs machine and the debate rumbles on
across the internet. But the idea of a
challenge to physics coming from such a
direction is one that is rejected by
leading particle physicist Frank Close.
What would be revolutionary would be if
you summed up all of the energy released
and you found that the sum total was
greater than you put in at the start.
then you'd be generating energy for free
and this would overthrow 300 years of
experience which has become embodied in
what we call the principle of the
conservation of energy. You can change
energy from one form to another but the
sum total always
balances. Science guys don't like
non-science guys inventing things and
it's discredited almost immediately.
Whether you talk about the high priest
in Egypt or you talk about the monks
that had the um monasteries and the
black plague, they were the caretakers
of
knowledge.
And I think the caretakers of knowledge
look with disdain on commoners who think
they have
knowledge. The fact is that Jim Griggs
and his machine are by no means alone.
Not only in America, but in both Russia
and Japan, for example, there are
reports of machines that seem to tap an
unexplained source of energy. They don't
all involve water, but they do all seem
to produce more energy than they use.
What's more, this is by no means a
modern phenomenon. The debate goes back
at least to the turn of the century.
Today, Nicola Tesla is almost unknown.
But 100 years ago, he was regarded as
one of the most prolific and inventive
engineers the world has ever
known. At a time when Edison was
persuading great cities like New York
and London to install costly and
inefficient direct current generating
stations, Tesla, backed only by
Westinghouse and defying all critics,
invented the system for the vastly more
efficient alternating current, which now
powers the entire modern
world. With the famous Tesla coil, he
was able to produce hither two undreamed
of voltages. Tesla had a vision of what
he called a universal energy field which
he believed would eventually be tapped.
He wrote throughout space there is
energy. It is a mere question of time
when men will succeed in attaching their
machinery to the very wheelwork of
nature. Unfortunately, his extreme love
of showmanship demonstrated in these
photographs didn't help his
cause. But he persuaded the power
company Westinghouse to build him a
power station devoted entirely to his
laboratory. Here he built the biggest
coil he'd ever constructed and set to
work to tap the universal energy field.
He experimented with power levels and
frequencies that had never been
approached before. Several million volts
pulsing at 50,000 cycles per second.
This was big science, difficult to
reproduce even today. But Tesla was
working in uncharted territories. As he
wound the voltage and the frequencies
up, there was a great and still
unexplained surge of excess power
created at the very heart of the
machine. So powerful it flowed back up
the cables, overriding the safety
circuits. The entire power station was
burned
out. And it turned out to be the
beginning of the end for Tesla. His
reputation never recovered. He spent the
last 20 years of his life in relative
obscurity. Even today, his experiments
remain only vaguely understood and
largely
ignored. The story leaps on to Moscow in
1980. A physicist named Alexander
Chanetski was working along similar
lines to Tesla, although on a laboratory
scale. In addition to his measurements,
he had a crew system of light bulbs to
indicate power output. Under certain
conditions with high voltages and high
pulse rates, he stumbled upon a
startling effect. He writes of a surge
of power at the heart of the apparatus
and a sharp increase in power output
over a period of four years. His
research indicated this apparatus could
generate five times the power it
consumed. Few of the scientific
establishment in Russia or elsewhere
took his claim seriously. But one top
physicist from the west interested in
fringe science did go to seek in 1991.
We went to see his device. It was a very
sort of dramatic
demonstration. I was impressed. Uh I
went home at the first night in Moscow
and uh didn't sleep very much trying to
figure out how this thing could be
working. Uh whether it was a trick, uh
what principles could could truly be
involved.
Janesca's papers talk of tapping the
energy of the vacuum, language very
reminiscent of Tesla. And a report
published by the Russian news agency
Novasti described some of the
extraordinary potential implications of
his research, not least a new and
non-polluting power generating
industry. Stimulated by what he'd seen,
Putoff finalized arrangements for
Chetski to continue his work in the US.
The Russian died suddenly in 1992 and no
one has taken up his research.
The work of Tesla, Chetski, Jim Griggs,
and others has been largely ignored by
the scientific establishment, almost
certainly because it poses too big a
threat to reputations and research
grants to dabble with such revolutionary
stuff. But that is now changing. The
freedom of the internet has begun to
break the strangled hold of an
establishment dominated by peer review.
And as more of these devices have come
to light, one or two mainstream
scientists have begun to tackle the
issues. One possible explanation for
these startling results does lie within
the current laws of science. It's a
concept known as 0 point
energy. Physicists know that we're
immersed in something called 0 point
energy. Uh it has a name zero point. We
give it that name because even if we
were to cool this entire room down to
absolute zero in terms of its
temperature, that energy would still
remain.
It might be surprising to think that at
absolute zero everything would freeze
out and there would be any energy left.
But in fact that's the case.
Andre Sakarov, the Soviet physicist
argued that we should regard all matter
as floating in a universal sea of
energy. Modern physics tells us that the
space between the stars and the space
between the particles which make up
matter are filled with vast amounts of
fluctuating energy. fluctuations which
are fundamental to our view of the
fabric of
nature. So if we think of an atom with
its nucleus and its orbiting electrons,
modern physics tells us that there is a
basic fuzziness about the energy levels
of the electrons rather like an out of
focus photograph. We cannot tell both
the position and the speed at the same
time.
Moreover, the random fluctuations in
energy levels can be intense enough to
spring pairs of particles spontaneously
from the vacuum only to disappear again,
energy into matter and back into energy
again, as Einstein taught us. This is
one of the most extraordinary
manifestations of 0 point energy. But
just how much of this energy is there?
Can it ever be tapped?
It turns out this energy is quite
intense. Uh Nobel laurate Fineman uh one
of Einstein's proteges Wheeler love to
comment on how intense this energy is.
The way Wheeler puts it is there's
enough energy in the volume of a coffee
cup in fact more than enough to
evaporate all the world's
oceans. The potential of this is vast.
You could go all the way from having a
replacement never say die battery for
your electric toothbrush all the way up
to powering aircraft carriers and
spaceships.
If there is such a thing as zero point
energy and if you can tap it, it's like
living next to Grand Koolie Dam. If you
know how to drill a hole through the dam
and use the water pressure that comes
out, it's there for you to use.
Good Tesla or Janitki or even big Jim
Griggs from Georgia have chanced to
cross the key that unlocks not only this
unfathomable sea of energy but also some
of the mysteries of the universe. 0
point energy has been called the
possible Rosetta Stone of physics. What
the Rosetta Stone allowed you to do is
translate from one language to another
language that you've never seen before
because one of them you recognized. We
have several
different laws that attempt to describe
the
universe. There is no unified theory.
There's three separate theories.
Uh if indeed the Rosetta Stone existed,
then you would allow these theories to
merge into one and you would understand
the source and origin of the universe
and how it how it's put together.
Well, it was during the oil embargo of
the United States. It alarmed me that a
little country over in the in the Far
East could actually the United
States. and realizing that the entire
industrial base of the United States and
and the world's based on the supply and
the utilization of energy, it became
imperative that we must try to bring in
an alternate fuel source and do it very
quickly. Of course, I thought originally
with the right type of funding uh we
could possibly get it in within 6
months, but uh reality shows that the
the 12 to 15 years was more uh correct
in this projection.
Back in the 70s, Stanmire set out
single-handedly to solve America's
energy problems. He decided to do it
using water, the world's most abundant
storehouse of hydrogen, which is a far
more powerful fuel than oil. For 15
years, Ma has been fighting to get his
inventions taken seriously.
Most inventors have to be a loner. You
have to be somewhat thick skin and don't
rely on other people to support you
because they will not. More times than
not, uh, an invention is really stolen
from the inventors. Even in my prior
development of high technology, I've had
patents taken from me. I learned from
the school of hard knocks to be very
cautious. Mah has always stood out
against the crowd. He has no formal
qualifications as a scientist because he
didn't wait to graduate from high
school, leaving early to go straight
into research at the high-powered Battel
Institute in his native Ohio. Now he
works full-time as a private inventor.
is built a device with potentially
revolutionary
implications. There is nothing startling
about a machine that can extract the
hydrogen from water. What is highly
unusual is that it should do so with
ordinary tap water. Conventional method
is called electrolysis. Meer has turned
that process on its head. Unlike
electrolysis, his device doesn't use up
large amounts of electric current, nor
does it produce an enormous amount of
waste heat.
For 20 years, he has been refining a
method to fracture water, which produces
vast amounts of hydrogen on
demand. This is not his latest
apparatus. He was unwilling to let us
point a camera at that. This is the
simple device he used to convince a
reluctant patent office that his
revolutionary concept actually works.
Alloy rods acting as electrodes are
housed in a perspit container that's
filled with
water. Normal mains voltage is fed in
through a transformer, but critically
there is virtually no current consumed,
less than half an amp. The result is
dramatic. Hydrogen pours off with a
flick of a switch.
Mer claims the key is his electronics,
which pulses electricity rapidly across
the rods at up to 20,000 cycles per
second. In a way that's not readily
apparent, this process transforms the
equation. Whereas in conventional
electrolysis, three times as much energy
is consumed as is produced in the form
of hydrogen fuel, in Mars apparatus, the
reverse is true. It appears to produce
several hundred% more energy when it
consumes.
Stan has something that's characteristic
of the people that sound like they've
done something to tap 0 point energy. Uh
has high frequency, high voltage and
there's a combination of the two at
which something
occurs. Uh with Channetski in Russia, it
was what he called a self- sustaining
discharge. The tube would run by itself.
When Stan gets this effect, the amount
of hydrogen and oxygen that are are
emitted off these two electrodes is a
step function. It almost boils the
water. If I did this with standard
electrochemicals, I need current. And
the water should
rise a degree every couple of seconds.
With stands, it'll run for a half hour.
And you and the water temperature hasn't
changed.
Something's different.
Mer demonstrates this repeatedly without
any difficulty. And yet, on the face of
it, it represents an extraordinary
revolution. His measurements over the
years suggest 1700% greater efficiency
than conventional electrolysis. And if
he's to be believed, he's getting much
better results from his latest still
secret invention.
Well, I first got involved with Stanmmy
when I went over there with a couple of
colleagues to to look at his water
splitting device. And so we arrived at
Stanley Mayer. He had a demonstration
cell. We filled it with tap water. In
fact, I did that myself. And he switched
it on and almost instantly there were
three jaws dropped because of the the
rate at which the gas poured off. It was
quite spectacular. Whatever energy
source Dan Meyer had tapped, it was not
explicable by the electric power that
was going into it. So something was
powering it outside of conventional
wisdom. There is no question that the
gas coming off in such abundance is
hydrogen. Mar ignites it to produce a
high temperature flame able to cut
through metal.
Stanley Mayer has faced a lot of
difficulties. Um he's three times tried
to launch the device and produce press
conferences at the technical press round
but he's been almost universally slated
in the early days very much so they just
ridiculed the whole idea he's getting a
little more notice now because some
scientists are getting interested but by
and large science is very intolerant
particularly modern science
as with Tesla Griggs and others claims
are so far outside the received
scientific wisdom that they've been
ignored by the majority of the
scientific establishment But then Ma has
ignored them too. He has poured his
energies over the last 10 years into
establishing recognition for his claims
by getting international
patents. In the processing, there was a
great deal of difficulty in trying to
process the legal paperwork in such a
way as to allow the patent office to
fully understand what was actually
occurring.
And one instant uh we brought the water
fuel cell uh to Washington DC and of
course I had tweaked it in such a way to
produce an enormous amount of hydrogen
oxygen gas and the patent examiner said
no it will not work uh based on the
electrolysis process and when we turned
it on and produced enormous amount of
hydrogen gas uh the examiner finally
realized that we were doing exactly that
and uh went out in the hallway and
started screaming and hollering to
everybody on the floor put out all your
cigarettes. It's hydro hydrogen in the
building. So we started laughing and
said, "Well, we certainly convinced
everybody in the patent office that we
can do what we say we can do."
Even so, the US patent office dragged
their feet for 3 years before granting
patents on the hydrogen producing
device. Since then, against massive
resistance, he's managed to get patents
established throughout Europe and
Japan. But the hygen machine was only
the first step towards Mars's ultimate
dream. If he gets it right, this
application of his technology would
change the 21st century in the same way
that the Wright brothers and Carl Benz
transformed the 20th. He is currently
modifying a beach buggy to run on
nothing but
water. It doesn't have a petrol tank or
even a hydrogen container. It has just a
tank of
water. He's invented a device called a
water splitter to replace the spark
plug.
As the water is injected into the
engine, Mer claims it's fractured into
hydrogen and oxygen and then burned as
fuel. M is working on a kit to modify
any engine. He hopes to demonstrate it
on this car within 12
months. And of course, the blessing to
the use of the water as a fuel source uh
that on combustion, the byproduct is
water mist. So we're even solving the
environmental pollution problem at the
same time that we're using water to
maintain the industrial basis of the
world.
Mah is protective about his inventions
to the point of self-confessed paranoia.
Most observers describe him as a crank
and his car as an aberration. But then
madness and genius often go hand in
hand. Mah shares with many inventors a
problem that goes well beyond paranoia.
As an engineer with no scientific
background, he faces a giant hurdle when
he tries to communicate with
scientists. One problem is that the
language that people use when they're
trying to describe their inventions is
not the language that I, as a scientist,
I'm used to. And so I have to translate
it, if you like, into a way that I can
begin to understand what they're trying
to say. It might as well be written in
Swahili for all of the sense that it
initially makes. And so I'm not
particularly inspired to put a lot more
effort in in the hope the pearl of
wisdom will reveal itself to me. At the
certain point you hit a law of
diminishing
returns. It isn't just a question of the
difficulties of communication. There is
a profound barrier between scientists
and inventors and a strong reluctance on
the part of most scientists to risk
their reputations grappling with issues
that don't have a clear scientific
pedigree.
Reluctance to look foolish inhibits a
lot of people from looking at things.
This is looked at as a pariah. You get
you touch it and it it creates an image
of you that you don't want your
colleagues to see. one extreme you might
have things that are guaranteed to work
but are not very interesting if they do
and at the other extreme things that are
a real long shot but will be
revolutionary and so you have to try and
weigh the balance and decide which side
is more likely to be profitable for you
then having made some choices you then
have to ask yourself how do I actually
go about doing this do I have to apply
for funds to do it and if I do who will
I be competing with and what is the
better chance that this will be
supported or that because at least At
least in the big science area that I
work, you can't just sort of come up
with an idea on a Friday and expect to
start the experiment on a Saturday. It
takes many months, many years even of
preparation. But though the scientific
establishment may have ignored the likes
of Mer, a powerful military-industrial
complex certainly hasn't. Over the past
10 years, Meer says he's been quietly
approached by many influential
organizations who would never admit
publicly to their involvement with him.
It is involved in deep space exploration
and it's also uh being developed quite
highly in the military.
Basically what occurred with water fuel
cell was in the fact that once they
understood
uh was actually occurring then under the
US national security uh mandate uh I
have no decision power whether or not
the military or NASA or the federal
government will utilize the technology.
They can utilize it in any way they so
desire. NASA is using every method it
can to regain some of its now fading
glory in the face of strong
congressional resistance. The days of
limitless budgets for space exploration
have long since gone. As the champion of
a new environmentally friendly energy
source, NASA would gain immense support.
Your identification, please.
Do you have your identification? As a
former top scientist of the NASA space
plane project, Professor Paul Ziss has
an inside track on the workings of the
agency.
NASA has large centers. The center
that's in charge of propulsion is NASA
Lewis in Cleveland, Ohio. Can you
imagine instead of having a um a million
pound rocket has 900,000 lbs of fuel on
board an
oxidizer? Can you imagine what it would
be like if you could put a device on
there that would split water and run it
into your engines? No explosive
compounds.
Public confirmation of a contract from
NASA would provide a resounding boost
for Mars
technology. Paul Ziss says it's only in
a closed meeting they confirm such an
agreement.
They're looking for new energy
sources. I understand from the people
that I've talked with that they have
worked with Stan and tried to understand
what he's done and given him a contract.
I also understand with the bureaucracy
in Washington and the con congressional
oversight as to why they would never
admit it. Anyone that does that will be
suspect, will be challenged, will be
considered a threat.
But if only a fraction of what Mer
claims for his technology can be
achieved, it would represent a
vindication for NASA's involvement. It
would also be a powerful threat to many
entrenched vested interests. If Stan
Meyer's device works like he
advertises, you would make energy
available universally almost free.
That is a major major major impact.
When new technology comes in existence,
there's a great resistance to it. Uh
because it can affect a lot of economic
factors. Uh in this particular case in
the United States, um we pay out roughly
about $200 billion a year for foreign
oil. Uh it's quite obvious that the
Arabs would pay $200 billion to try to
keep this type of technology uh out of
the
economy. And many many times over the
last decade I have been offered enormous
amounts of money to simply sell out or
to sit on it. The Arabs offered me well
over a billion dollars cold cash simply
to sit on do absolutely nothing with
it. My life has been uh threatened many
times. Of course I happen to believe in
the power of angels. And if I don't
believe in the power of angels, I don't
believe I'll be around here too long.
If the thing like Stan Mayor has works,
every piston engine, every gas turbine
in the world today, if it had his
converter, could run on it. Uh, with a
little invention, we could get
standalone devices to run all over the
world. Um, I think it would be in what I
would can be concerned about is the
people that sell energy would be
essentially bankrupted. It's what
happened to the Knosogga wagons when
trains came or to the Pony Express when
the telegraph came in. They're going to
wipe out an entrenched power base and
they may not go easily.
Florida, where America's rich come for
the endless sunshine. 13 years ago, they
were joined by an industrial chemist who
had built a distinguished career with
the American chemicals giant DAO.
When I moved from California, I brought
all of my laboratory with me. I bought
my building and moved everything and set
it up permanently so that I could do
independent research on the hydrogen
energy. I'd made enough money to retire
and uh I felt that um the Silicon Valley
was getting too crowded and I wanted to
move to Florida for the water.
I am trying to hold back the excitement
because I don't want to lose my
objectivity. But it is exciting to know
where this may take us because it'll be
a whole new area of theory. There's
things we don't understand because
there's something unique about
it. When I was uh in school, we had to
learn glass blowing and we had to learn
uh welding because we had to make our
own equipment. A typical scientist would
if they can't buy it out of catalog,
they won't use it or they can't use
it. I think there's some scientists that
just will not go to the bench and try to
verify or disprove uh what is proposed.
They're too bullheaded to change.
Dennis Craravens is a scientist who was
prepared to advise on the problems of
accurate measurement.
I was basically skeptical before I saw
the device. Uh, this area
has been known of false claims. And when
I first came to Patterson's lab, it was
not exactly the state-of-the-art
measurements. The electric meters only
had a few digits to it. So, there was
some question of whether or not they
were measuring what we thought they were
measuring.
I was finding an increased yield of of
energy. However, it was so low that it
was questionable and it could be my
equipment, my instruments that were
actually giving me this uh increased
energy output uh instead of a a true
reaction.
With figures so low and so hard to
verify, Patterson had actually abandoned
his research for over 6 years.
There was a lot of controversy about
1989 in alternative energies and I went
back and and decided to take a look at
uh my findings that I had previously uh
discovered. I have a continuous record
of of scientific uh developments since
uh 1949.
When I went back to my records with a
fresh eye, uh I found that I was
producing excess energy if uh but at a
very low
level. Working on a small scale,
Patterson set to work to see if he could
improve the performance of the heat
generating cell he'd recorded in his
notebooks 6 years earlier. His key
component is the catalyst in the form of
hundreds of tiny beads. The most crucial
element is the thin metal coated beads
made up of nickel palladium
nickel. Patterson holds the patent for
the unique structure of the beads.
Microscopic corrugations in the surface
provide the largest possible reactive
area. There are 1300 of these beads in
the prototype
cell. Like so many inventors, Patterson
works entirely by trial and error. He
modifies one variable after another to
achieve better results, but he's not
entirely sure which aspects of the
design have the greatest effects. The
beads are packed into a narrow cylinder
and the electrolyte distilled water plus
1% lithium sulfate is pumped into the
chamber while a low voltage is pulsed
across the metal beads. As oxygen and
hydrogen are given off, a reaction
that's not visible to the naked eye
seems to take place on or near the
surface of the beads. It produces
totally unexpected amounts of heat.
Their calculations indicate that the
cell is producing many times the energy
it consumes. No one can yet explain this
anomaly. Well, the interesting thing
about the Patterson device is it it
involves water, but it doesn't split the
water in the same way that Stanley May's
device does. It simply uses it as a
medium and it generates a lot of excess
heat. In his case, a lot of excess heat.
The figures he's now quoting are really
very very high indeed. Uh exactly what
is going on isn't clear, but recently
they've begun pulsing the water medium
inside the device and this is why
they're getting much better results and
throughout a lot of these devices you
have this high pulse voltage as a a kind
of theme running through it. The
Patterson cell has had several public
demonstrations. There is of course a
very considerable controversy over the
figures. Present the only thing that all
scientists agree on is that there isn't
a current scientific theory that
explains the extraordinary amount of
excess energy. We wanted a more
conservative interpretation of the
numbers, the most conservative we could
and see if there's still something
there. Before we were seeing
measurements of just 30% more heat out
than electrical energy in. After we
improved it and tightened up things, we
have
gotten tens of times out as in. This is
an area of physics that
uh especially seems to draw amateurs to
and uh or low tech labs uh and so
therefore uh they don't have a lot of
money to spend on the apparatus. But the
first things put together by some
maverick in his garage are probably
going to be pretty low tech and pretty
crude. But that's okay. I mean, the
first uh observations of radioactivity
or whatever were were really quite
crude. Actually, if you look at the
history of invention, most often
breakthroughs were found by mavericks
working outside their
field. But however innovative they are,
the inventors don't have either the
knowledge or the resources to validate
their results. That's the role that
science is best equipped to fill. But an
essential problem is how to get the
scientific community involved in an area
that challenges the received wisdom and
which poses a real threat to
reputations. Most of the inventors of
this kind of device uh cannot get their
devices to work in a reproducible way
largely because they don't know how they
operate. So each time they run their
device, it produces different figures.
They're all in many cases well over
unity and so they're pretty crazy
anyway. And scientists coming along and
looking at them will say, "Oh dear, this
is a device. It's different every time
it runs. There's no control over it. You
can't do some work on this." And this is
a shame because scientists should be
curious. If I draw an analogy with
research being like trying to beat a
path through the jungle and what we're
trying to do is to make the path bigger
so we can get to the truth more easily.
And then along comes some guru who says
no no no the true path is over there
somewhere. Now in that circumstance what
do you do? You've got this huge
undergrowth all around. You can see
nothing. You just have the word of the
guru to follow. It's a judgment that you
have to make. If the guru is right and
you follow through the jungle and find
this huge highway then it's the Nobel
Prize and revolutionary discoveries. On
the other hand, if the guru is wrong,
then you're as good as dead. maybe
literally in that particular example.
At the heart of the problem lies the
issue of measurement. Getting the
figures right. Dr. Howal Putoff has
taken the greatest risk in trying to
establish a dialogue with the inventors.
His institute Austin Texas occupies an
uneasy no man's land between the
scientific community which is largely
scornful and the inventors who are
deeply suspicious.
There is a tension between scientific
knowledge on the one hand and those who
are understandably reluctant to tell all
their secrets. On the other hand, until
we actually get a device in our own
laboratory and make careful
measurements, uh there's no way of
evaluating uh in the dark as to whether
they're actually
working. Now in this case, this setup is
so precise and so accurate that even if
a device generates energy that would
raise a temperature in hereby only a
thousandth of a degree, we could still
uh determine that and therefore get an
estimate of uh exactly how much energy
was being created. Now to reach this
kind of accuracy, it took us months of
putting this equipment together, writing
special computer programs to keep track
of all this stuff. This is a very unique
uh one-of-a-kind workstation for us to
carry out these kind of
experiments. So this entire facility
puts us in a position where uh if
someone has a device that indeed does
work, we will know it.
Given the huge increase in activity in
this field, what are the odds of finding
a device that does tap zero point
energy? In this field, there's good news
and bad news. And we find ourselves in
kind of a paradoxical position. On the
one hand, there's good theoretical
reason to believe that it is possible to
extract 0 point energy. In fact, there's
uh actual laboratory evidence at the
microscopic level. The bad news is that
so far uh the devices that we at least
we've had a chance to examine have not
demonstrated uh an engineering principle
by which this can be done in some
effective way. Well, there are people
who are inventing and trying to develop
new ways of producing energy with
greater or less success.
And some of these may well turn out to
be interesting devices that one day you
can buy and use as an engineering or
marketing and development project.
That's fine as far as I'm concerned. But
it doesn't have anything to do with the
scientific interest as to whether or not
these devices are producing more energy
than you put in. On that, I'm prepared
to bet my mortgage that they're not. Our
expectation is that probably within 2 or
3 years um we'll see a demonstration of
the device a robust
demonstration which shows that there is
some excess energy being generated uh by
a process that's like extraction of 0
point energy. Whether 0 point energy or
something else is the explanation. Major
revolutions seem to have a habit of
arising from the most unexpected
quarters.
Carl Benz invented the car in his garden
shed. The Wright brothers were bicycle
makers from Ohio. They transformed the
20th century. Is it possible that one of
these men could do something
similar? Not only transform our way of
life, but split the world of physics
wide open.
I think we're at a similar cusp point
today as has occurred a number of times
in physics where you have a certain
period in which things kind of come
together and you think you've got the
answers and then there's just a little
crack here and there uh but you don't
think it's going to bother you. But then
pretty soon you realize there's a whole
new thing here we've got to deal with.
And once again people are suddenly going
off in new directions. String theory,
zero point energy theory. uh I think
we're at a cusp point again where the
physics that develop out of the next 20
years is going to be very uh
revolutionary and uh it's difficult to
say what to expect but on the other hand
that makes it a very exciting time in
physics.
Revolutions of course take many decades
to be established. But those who believe
that we are on the cusp of a major
revolution both in energy production and
in scientific thinking are already
considering some of the key implications
positive and
negative. There's an interesting
philosophical question is that when we
had bows and arrows the the impact we
could do on the rest of the world is
rather limited. With nuclear energy, we
have a source of energy that can destroy
us. Zero point energy could annihilate
us. I think it's
increasingly dependent that we
understand how to control ourselves and
the
energy. If we don't, it's too late.
If these new and limitless energy
sources are for real, this is going to
change every aspect of human life.
Wouldn't mean the end of the fossil fuel
age. No more pollution, no more smog, no
more oil spills because we won't be
shipping millions of tons of oil around
the world. In fact, it's hard to see any
disadvantage. But I can think of one. If
we have unlimited amounts of free
energy, where is that going to go?
Energy always degrades eventually into
heat. So if we all have thousands of
kilowatts to play with, the Earth may
heat up and eventually become as hot as
Venus.
Hallelujah.