Hello internet. It is the millennial
zoomer, the original millennial zoomer.
Probably the only millennial zoomer on
YouTube. I mean there probably many
millennials who are also zoomers in that
weird in between uh year era. But uh
last I'm here today. I wanted to show
you guys something that I worked on a
couple summers ago. I got bored.
Sometimes when I get bored I just want
to keep my design skills uh in check.
And some of you might already recognize
this just looking at it. It is my
attempt at a replication of the uh
typical uh repulsing craft that was uh
inspired partially built by uh Victor
Shawberger. I made a few slight
improvements and honestly I think from
an aerodynamic point of view I am not
confident that this would take off. So
it could it very well could but I think
it's missing something in terms of the
impeller. this part here just
designwise. Um I didn't try and make any
fluid dynamic simulations. Maybe I'll do
that in the future, maybe I won't. Um
the reason I decided to design this is
because uh when I was doing work in
solid state inertial propulsion systems,
which are just basically impulsive or
implosive dynamic systems, um this was a
fluid-based implosive system, right? So
instead of having something being spit
out of a machine um it basically sucks
itself through the vacuum something like
the I think it's called the Garuda
syninji it's a special it's a branch in
uh India if you pour water into it it
twirls up uh because of its geometry and
like sucks the air up and that's the
same kind of idea the operating
principle for this impeller so instead
of having a turbine which you know will
compress air and then like spit it out
really fast that that's one way you
could have this as a a turbine And this
really is a turbine at the end of the
day. It's like a pancake shaped turbine.
And the idea isn't to have a lot of air
that's being pushed out. Um it's to have
the air like swim across or have the uh
turbine, if you will, swim across water.
Um but anyway, uh I'm starting to get a
little lost in my thoughts here. Lost in
the thoughts. So let's take a look at
this. And it will be probably be a short
video. I say that and sometimes it takes
a while. So let's go into this journey
together. So, uh, at the end of this
video, I'll provide a link. Anyone can
go and download these parts and build it
yourself. In fact, I actually ended up
building it. I 3D printed the parts. I
made it extremely 3D printable friendly
because I want people to be able to
replicate these things to improve upon
the designs and to do science. That's
what I want. That's the whole point of
this. I'm all about doing science. And
so, um, yeah. Uh, I think there are cool
improvements that can be made here.
Again, my attempt was just to replicate
uh what I was able to find. Uh and
there's a lot of images and things
floating around. This is based off of
the classic repulsene. If you've ever
seen a picture of it on the internet,
this is based off of that classic
picture. Um the reposines that have been
around and circulated in the internet,
there are quite a few of them. Um and
when I say quite a few, there really two
there are purportedly two types in a
book. Really, I think it's just one. and
people have mixed and matched the parts.
I'm not going to go into the whole
history. That's not what this video is.
I don't have time to explain it because
there are a lot of different devices,
different machines, different
innovations that uh Shaburgger worked on
uh that influenced other people and
other kinds of engineering. And so this
was just my attempt to really study this
machine and understand the principles,
the working principles. Like I spent
time counting all of the individual
ress, the gills you guys see here, which
are I think it was 120. You'll see. Uh
maybe I'll have like a PowerPoint slide
on it which shows you uh I really took
great lengths to look at that. And then
I also took great lengths to look at the
impulsive um well not the impulsive,
excuse me, the impeller. That's
basically what this is here at the top
and it varies. Um I think it's also
missing some stuff from the things that
we do have um of the machine. This this
component here is basically impeller.
Anyway, let me stop rambling. Let's
actually jump into this. Okay, so first
off we have an axle. And the axle, uh,
as you probably guessed, is supposed to
connect to a motor, a motor which will
spin the entire impeller assembly. So
that way it can be like a suction and
suck all the air and go through um the
cowl casing. So this is the first one.
It goes right under and so it's
basically supposed to help with the
coanda effect as the air is passing
through. Um, it kind of creates a
cushion on the under it, right? Like it
curls up and it creates a night of a
nice extra cushion. And there might even
be an added benefit of something like a
vortex. Uh like I don't want to sound
weird here, but I'm not again this is
not to go into how this would create a
vortex in air, but through the co effect
as the air is rushing in through here,
this helps to shape the air and it does
provide a kind of cushion. Uh there's a
great YouTuber and if I find his name
I'll put in the description where he's
done test and experiments with trying to
make vortex like uh cushions uh from the
shape and geometry. So this is the other
part also probably the one of the tricky
I say tricky because I was really trying
to get all these details here as to how
it looks. For example, let's look at the
analysis. So it's called plate D I
believe in the design that I used. Um
and it's actually a combination of a few
things. So I fused this plate with
another assembly. I didn't make them two
separate parts. they can be, but there's
really no point in doing that. Um, and I
won't go into the reasons why, but I
just want to show you something here.
So, if you pay attention to the gills,
the reals here, if my Fusion will let me
zoom in good, you can see that I have a
little tapered curve here. And it's not
just a flat like strict like a flat um,
what do you call it? Flat cut. It's a
curved cut. And that's to allow the air
to uh flow nicer as it's getting curved
here. If you look at the design, there
is a video by a guy. It was like
something about like the last water
wizard. I can't remember who it was, but
it's a German man. And he was able to
get this part manufactured by someone
else. The top was flat, but in the
original designs that I saw being tested
by Hal Putoff and some of the other guys
in the video, this had a nice um sloping
curve. Uh a nice chamfer to it. I
shouldn't say chamfer because I didn't
really cher this but there was a angled
gradient curve to it. So um that's
exactly what I did in the design here.
Maybe I should bring a clarification
first. The previous design I called
plate D. Technically it's plate D and C
combined. At least that's how they were
uh called. That's what they were called
in the book I saw. So, what I did to
make it easier for 3D printing, um, and
I'll is I I combined plate C and D and
the cowl base, which is the first thing
we saw here together. So, the gills, the
rails that you saw, I think that would
be called plate D in my design. I have
to check. And this would be called plate
C. I chose these naming conventions
based on the book I saw that was using
well, multiple books, multiple books,
multiple images. And I might post some
of them at the end of this video. But uh
this is the plate DC combo I call it
with the lower cowl. I have two versions
of this. So I'll provide uh this version
has a little bit of a um like a
millimeter or two uh height here. You
see this like little slope here. In the
other version there is no slope. It's
just sitting flat on the cowl. So I'm
speaking about this region right here.
Guess we're almost at the end. This
right here is what I call the plate B
plus cowl top. So this by itself is a
cowl. And I just superimposed that. I
combined that with plate B, which is
what you see here with the uh the
grooves that will actually be sandwiched
with a gap. I believe it was about a 3
to 5 mm gap air space. And that can be
changed. I'm sure that there's a
critical spacing for it and there are
ways it can be modified. Uh in this
design we can see that air is supposed
to be passing or being sucked in through
here. Uh I instinctively
don't like I don't this design is
interesting to me. That's what I'd say.
Uh the design is interesting. Again I
was just copying. I also took time
trying to I actually numbered I counted
all of the uh holes that were here and
the spacing that went into both of them
and tried to get the angles as best as I
could. Um, as you guys can see here, the
thickness can vary. Uh, that should be
something easy to uh fix inside of the
editing software. You can change the
thickness of this material. If you're
using metal, then it's very good. If
you're using plastic, you might want the
thickness to be a bit more, but I mean,
this just makes it easier. You can print
as one piece. Oh, yeah. And also, this
top right here is technically another
part. It's an ancillary component like
the axle. Um, you can have this removed.
You can cut it out. Um, I just put it
there because, you know, I if you're
going to screw all of this together,
it's probably easier to have like a
central thing in the center here where
you can just screw it. And then I also,
you can see some little board holes.
They didn't really quite go through.
That's so if you use a screw, um, if you
decide you want to drill all the way
through, you can. If you don't want to
drill all the way through, then you
don't have to drill all the way through.
Um, so yeah, hopefully that makes some
sense. And moving on, the last component
here, I call this the impeller ring
because, as you can tell from the
design, it is essentially an impeller.
That's what it does. And it sits on top
of everything else. And when this thing
is rotated, it sucks in air. Uh, this is
something else. I feel like if somebody
who is uh specialist in
uh aerodynamic systems here, I'm sure I
could figure it out running some fluid
simulations here. There's probably an
optimal impeller design to use. There
are different impellers. Um, I changed
this design just a bit uh from the
original, but it still has the same
number of teeth that I saw, which were
measured in the old black and white
photo. Um, and it has the same slant uh
degree slant. I It took a lot of time.
It took a lot of effort to count all of
these uh reals correctly. and then to
really try and get the uh slant correct
um looking at the documentary um with
how put off inside of it the I can't
even remember what that documentary is
called but again I might post those
videos at the end. So I actually have
different versions of this. I have this
one is only a single version where you
see the um little I don't know what to
call these the little dipped real
things. I have a version where there are
two of them so it sits on top but I
think it's kind of redundant. So, this
is kind of like a cap. Um, and when the
air comes in, it basically, uh, deflects
through a curved pattern here. Uh, if we
were able to see through it. Let me see
if I can get a see-through design. Okay,
folks. So, I was able to get a
see-through design. And you can see what
I mean when I say the air like deflects.
So, as the air goes in, you can see that
it is being deflected in a curve right
here. And then it's going to travel all
the way down. So, let me put the
analysis back if it'll let me do that.
So, this is the cross-section. It will
go it'll be curved and then it will come
in down here and then it's supposed to
be sucked up by the other component I
just showed you guys. So, yeah. Okay. If
you're still with me, then
congratulations. You made it this far. I
always say these are going to be short
and they end up being long because it
takes about a minute or two to shoot
everything. But this is what everything
looks like when it's combined right
here. So, um we have all of the parts.
Uh let's remove the analysis. Boom. What
do we see here? It looks almost like a
weird disc. It looks kind of cool. I I
like this design. It looks really nice.
Um, but now here lies my problem for
basically being an effective impeller is
this aperture right here. Uh, the only
This is kind of funny, right? Um, when
you have water being drained in a top
that creates kind of like a vortex here.
And so there's something that needs to
happen up here that allows that to take
place with air effectively when it's
twirling. could be the case that there
is a critical RPM where that happens.
But uh I mean that that would just be
throwing your hands in the air and
saying that that happens. I don't see
any condition for that to take place. I
can tell you what I do know um can
definitely take place if this is built
is that this is supposed to function as
an impeller. I'm sure there's a better
impeller that can be used here. So the
impeller ring I'm removing it now. Um so
the impeller ring functions as an
impeller and then here at the top when
the air is sucked in it goes through
these reels here and then it's also uh
well the reels act almost like fish
gills right and they travel along and
then they basically the coand effect
takes place here and provides an extra
cushion for pushing it. The air is
supposed to kind of like curl up and I'm
just like blazing through all of this.
I'm really not taking time to uh go
through it technically because I just
want to show you guys that this design
is here and if anyone wants to go and
make improvements and do better. Uh they
are more than welcome to do that because
that's what science is about, sharing
and caring and doing better. Uh we need
more scientists who care. So hopefully
you guys enjoyed this video. If you
like, subscribe and uh stay tuned for
whatever I might show next. I'll put
this on my GrabCad and my Thingiverse.
Uh you guys should go and download my
designs. I don't know why no one is
downloading them. Download them and try
to use them. Uh so that way we can do
more research. Choice is grace, folks.
And uh this is the Millennial Zoomer
out.