===== 1993 Speech Stan Meyer Exposes One World Government.en.srt =====
now we've enjoyed in developing this
technology in a way as a retrofit energy
system in other words what good is it to
put it in the home heating you have no
fuel source to be able to run the trucks
and operate the automobiles what good is
that if you don't have an energy source
that you cannot put in the industry and
maintain the industrial base what good
is it for example if you cannot be able
to maintain aviation you know during the
Arab embargo we also is confronted with
another problem
the problem being is that at that
particular time the United States
government had only two and a half days
of aviation fuel for global context the
day it's down to the day of the quarter
when it reaches a day supply joins Jesus
stack will have to make the decision no
more global defence it is you ever hear
anything about the war burgers if you
want to study about history of world war
one world war two will start to realize
there were men specially trained and
women trained in order to bring
countries in the war to break their
economic back to take over the control
of their countries you ever hear of the
council Foreign Relations the Trilateral
Commission you ever hear about the
council the hoods of 300 you hear about
the internationalist that are
controlling to bring in a one-world
government now we're heading for one
world government but unfortunately if
the one world government is headed under
a control is controlled by Mussolini and
Mussolini or Hitler or person filled
with demonic spirit we're in one head
for power is that Democratic Society of
the world government would be more
representative each country of the world
then in fact we could be able to
stabilize as people upon the earth the
attitude that the multi dimensions is to
come up with zero growth in deficit
growth zero population growth when I was
making a presentation and UNITA 2:52
represenation z-- there I was blocked in
presenting the
ecology not because the viability of the
technology because the international
attitude is they do not want industrial
growth to be maintained there is a move
to try to force the countries to accept
that they would sign over the natural
resource rights if you signed over your
natural resource rights you have taken
over the countries without even firing a
shot this is the help bring in the
one-world government
the number one thing that will defuse
the entire episode to be able to
maintain us is to bring an alternate
energy source in that we competed with
sustain and maintain not only an
industrial base of this country further
the world and therefore I will share
this information with you and once I
share it with you you have a
responsibility
I'm sharing a responsibility to you so
great now the power structures to be we
all hear about the guys invented the
carburetors that go 200 miles per hour
and go heavy and they never get out of
the market area we talked about high
energy systems a development of high
technology and they never seem to get
out in the marketplace why is that you
know in a rockefeller Rockefeller was a
very smart man to get our economies to
operate on fossil fuel you got a hold of
a think tank and anything take he says I
want you to come up with motivating
thoughts that would deem ultimately
motivate the people in order to bring us
up on the fossil fuels you see at that
time we're talking about high energy
research and development or we're not in
the end Rockefeller wanted to convince
the population world that we need fossil
fuels to maintain the economy and
therefore suppress and prevent altered
energy sources to come forward and so in
this think tank he came up with such
trivialities or you can always lead a
horse to water but you can't get in the
drink any of you've ever said that you
know if you say that out of your mouth
you know that you believe it it's your
greatest lie on the world if you lead a
horse to water he doesn't want to drink
I will show you if you're staking about
four feet away from the water two and
two days flat you'll try to break the
rope if you want if you want to speed up
your process feeds insult and
another gate Modi voted 85 but you can't
city hall how about another than
with the motivating is I two things you
never discusses politics and religion do
you know why in the news media's that
you are bombarded with tremendous
negative because they had found out the
physical psychological makeup of an
individual is such that if you receive
so much negative you turn it off
do you know the defy our forefathers and
our grandfathers were there waking out
of their graves and see what's taking
place in our country today do you know
what happen David van der arm you go to
Washington DC and clean out our
government absolutely the negatives and
is presenting to you is the process of
desensitizing you to allow such
atrocities to take over and if you don't
think that there are people in the world
that do not want America at the stand
you know why because a constitution in
the United States the Bill of Rights
says as free people we have ability to
enjoy certain enable rights that was
given to us by God and unfortunately
there are some people who does not want
us to continue to enjoy their freedom
that our forefathers fought and when I
turned and said I will do this Lord it
had to be by faith because I was given a
great gift that death was to be raised
under fear
now let's see how it gives water is fuel
because the greatest thing that all
political leaders fear that you and I
would come together and one Accord that
if you and I would come together in one
Accord no political system in the world
no multi the nationalist group could
defeat you but what happened to Russia
after seventy years they said so we no
longer one communism we're tired of the
KGB killing our people who tortured our
people and said enough is enough
and that's why you receive the negative
that's why a nice
conferences that they will try to
promote and try to tell you that you
have not the power of say-so are in our
government and I want to tell you that
under the Constitution in the United
States readeth or it gives us the
ultimate power to be able to determine
the destiny and the strength of our
country and how I bring in this
technology in it can't come through the
multi international structures if I
would sign over this technology the gel
electrical Westinghouse then we'd be
taken over within 24 hours if you think
you've got political pressures in the
United States government trying to
negotiate with the military for their
political pressures are straight and
they cry out and you know when the herbs
came to me and offered me a billion
dollars cold cash simply to stop on the
technology and when I said no I will not
do this and he said you will be stopped
and I said why is that
he said because the apathy of the
American people is such that they will
not come behind me and for a long time
that statement stood out but I will
assure you today not only in the United
States but in the world that they're
coming together in one Accord and say
it's enough because if we do not pre
versus however recently come back from
Sweden they're tired force are dying
why because the pollutants the polluting
glutens that it's one in the air
covalently linking up with the
ionosphere is decreasing the light
intensity coming into this atmosphere
and as a result of this decrease in
light intensity bacteria is now allowed
to grow which is now causing blight this
is now starting to kill our trees
forward and look in the black forest
that even the trees and the roots are
dying we are on a planet which is our
Bishop and if we do not reverse if we do
not come together in one Accord then I
would say doing that we will not survive
now when we show this technology
you must now make the decision whether
or not you come together in one Accord
and try and we can do it to come
together keep this winter storm as well
as to protect it and when President
Reagan was devised this technology he
turned against the multinationals and
said do not fly or do not allow this
technology to go forward and he wrote
the executive action to ensure that this
technology will not only be protected
for the United States but also to be
protected for the world and is amazing
to me that we have the abilities that we
could proceed on doing the first thing
and always being the first objective and
always will be the first objective
developing the technology you must
legalize it first and then bring it in
many inventors blow their ego they get
to their Achilles heel to try to obtain
the information not for the benefit of
Umi but the benefit of control or
manipulation or suppression of that
technology so when you develop your high
technology you do everything possible
the prime objective is a legalized
technology when you receive that gold
seal and that little red ribbon it says
that you have complied for the laws when
is the not so it's not what Stan Meyer
says it's what is now been legalized and
if there's any question of operability
of the technology under the wall whether
they have before you under u.s. code 35
years code one-on-one and show
operability and when we showed
operability of this technology
then it became a great concern meant to
protect this technology for all the
countries as well as the United States
so as I move there are many people who
have seek to try to cost me to stumble
and try to seek to suppress me is trying
to seek in many ways but the Lord has
always allowed that we can proceed on
with the technology as we're legalizing
the technology I'm subject to the
national security laws of this country
I'm also subject to the national
security laws of other countries of the
ect Treaty Act other countries who now
are informed that this type of
technology is requesting that this
technology will also be protected for
their countries for you see if this Tec
type of technology is restricted from
those other countries then their entire
economic base could collapse you know if
you can use water as a fuel source to
maintain in the salvation of one country
but it is locked in another you can drop
the prices or new puts in commodities
and therefore the other country cannot
be able to sustain itself unfortunately
there are those who seek power
controlled by greed
right and seems to have the desire to
control man under v it's a form of this
sickness and unfortunately in my many
battles we've had to overcome this type
in order to bring this technology out so
you'll have to forgive me for those who
feel that I have should have brought the
technology up further I had to be in
compliance the both of us and an exit
security laws in the PCT treaty act in
order to get around the loopholes that
are set they're not for you and I what's
up there to control and manipulate the
high technology and so if you never
violate that blind directive you can
bring it in good water is fuel you know
coming in here today have driven a car
here and have you driven cars at all
you realize that when you're driving on
gasoline you know that you're running on
a hydrogen you know that if you look at
the if you look at the chemical equation
of gasoline you will find out the
hydrogen atom is attached the carbon
atom is not so and basically in the
highest octane of gasoline you have
roughly about a half a pound of hydrogen
- now water on the other hand is two to
one 201 oxygen is not so how many pounds
of hydrogen do we have in water you find
out by the atomic weight is around 1.7
pounds of hydrogen in water I had the
most scientific population study on
hydrogen that's ever come out as a
scientific world from NASA we not propel
the Columbus bishop by hydrogen and
oxygen and in that report it clearly
stipulated the hydrogen was the most
ideal fuel of the future it can be
utilized anywhere salt even the
environmental pollution problem but they
did not have an answer in three areas
one to produce the hydrogen gas or
release it economically from water
control the rate of production be able
to adjust the burn rate of hydrogen gas
to equal the fossil fuels and at the
port one be able to transport it without
spark ignition with all that noise both
national and international this type of
technology to be able to use water as a
fuel source

===== Stan Meyer explains the Water Fuel Technology. Water car GEN =====
nearby stand
and
have a net
water powered
I need to open my remote as well.
Oh,
just explaining how this thing goes.
Yeah. Can you zoom in back in here?
Are we on? Okay.
Okay. You know, this is the uh hydrogen
computer system which was designed
uh in order to be able to process the
fuel to produce the hydrogen gas from
water and do it economically and be able
to control its firing going to allow the
uh uh the Volkswagen engine to run off
of hydrogen. There's a lot u
uh engineering design that went into
this. Even though that this is our u our
systems engineering approach, uh the
hydrogen computer system you see here
will be miniaturaturized down to several
uh IC chips which will allow us to give
the economics uh to apply to a
conventional car.
Over here uh there's very unique design
features uh that had to be developed in
order to uh develop the water fuel cell
as a retrofit energy systems to
conventional cars. Um we had to go ahead
and devel uh develop the laser what we
call the laser distributor as you see
right here which is put between the
conventional uh rotor cap and that of
the rotor assembly. And primarily what
this does this sets up the electronic uh
signals that goes back and triggers the
computer system in order to allow uh the
car to run successfully on hydrogen. uh
in order to run this uh engine off of uh
water, we've also had to learn the
ability to adjust the burn rate of
hydrogen to coeico the fossil fuels. We
did this by simply now u pulling off a
portion of the exhaust gas that's coming
from the engine as you see through this
tube here that's going through this
electronic regulator that's hooked up to
the hydrogen computer. And basically
what's happening is that as the ambient
air is going into the engine and going
through the burning process, it produces
the non-combustible gases that retards
the speed by which the oxygen atom
unites the hydrogen bring on gas
ignition. So by simply using the ex the
non-combustible gases coming from the
exhaust of the engine we now modulate
and control the speed by which that
oxygen unites with the hydrogen and
therefore we are adjusting the burn rate
of hydrogen to coe with that of gasoline
or or fossil fuels or even diesel fuel
and that gave us the number one retrofit
capabilities or retrofitting the water
fuel cell technology to an existing
engine. And we do this electronically.
The unit that you see right here, we
call this a gas processor. And basically
what we're doing is we're ionizing the
ammun gases that is now going into the
process. And this allows us to trigger
and use the hydrogen fracturing
technology and tapping into a higher
energy yield coming from the hydrogen.
The unit you see right here, this is
referred to as a resonant cavity. Uh
water is now fed into the resonant
cavity through this water tank. And as
such, we now expose the water to a very
high intense pulse voltage field and
restrict the amps. And therefore, the
electrical polarization process now
allows us to release the hydrogen
economically from water. And by
attenuating the uh voltage field uh the
amplitude of the voltage field, we now
can control the rate of the production
of the hydrogen gas on demand. So this
is what's called referred to as a
constant demand generator. We also now
extend or allow the voltage amplitude to
increase even to a higher level and
allow the uh the water atoms to go into
an ionization state which gives us the
ability even to produce a higher energy
yield uh by producing more hydrogen gas
on demand. So the fuel now coming from
the water uh through the electrical
polarization process going into
resonance. Resonance meaning that we're
actually tuning into the dialectric
properties of water and allows us to
reduce amps down flow down to minimum
and allow voltage to take over that
disassociates the water molecule on
demand and those fuel gases are now
coming through this uh electronic
injector system as you see here. So
basically we're now feeding the ionized
air from the uh the gas processor. We're
now also taking the water fuel gases
that are now coming from ordinary water.
We are now mixing it with the
non-combustible gases, the ami air gases
and regulating those uh control of the
fluid mediums or four fluid mediums. And
as a result now we can uh tune in and
allow this engine to run off of natural
water.
this systems approach. Uh this
particular unit here is referred as the
VIC or the voltage uh intensified
circuit technology. Uh this is being
miniaturaturized down to a very small
lightweight system. Uh on this is
demonstrated in our systems engineering
approach on the technology that we can
apply it to other uh applications uh not
only in the transportation area but also
in industrial applications. So it was
paramount that we would uh demonstrate
and have the technology solved for
design engineering retrofitting to
existing energy consuming devices
whether whether it's being run internal
combustion engine or a diesel engine or
hook it to an industrial process. So all
of these um design interfacing
technology is now being solved. We are
in the latter stages of what we call the
pre-engineering system uh which will now
allow us to miniaturaturize the
technology once we're completed on the
design applications uh and take it into
mass production. Uh give you a classic
example of this. We've also developed uh
from this technology which we call the
water fuel cell injector.
And basically uh this injector now is a
miniaturaturized water fuel cell or
miniaturaturized resonant cavity. And
this technology now allows us to simply
replace we can bypass this part of the
systems approach and now simply replace
the spark plug with the water fuel cell
injector. And as a result now we can run
the water up to the injector which is
now being processed and being exposed to
a very high pulse voltage frequency. And
as a result as the water fuel is being
going into the system then the explosion
takes place inside the cylinder.
Therefore makes this extremely failsafe
operable system. Uh the cord as you see
here is strictly hooks up to a very high
intensity voltage pulse and we restrict
the amps to cause the electrical
polarization proh process which in turns
the voltage amplitude now takes it and
and goes into the ionization state to
perform the hydrogen fracturing
technology and then in turn the high
pulse voltage frequency now allows the
ignition of the gases. So therefore we
do this electronically and so this
technology has taken us down to the
water fuel cell tech water fuel injector
as you see here today which gives us a
very
economical way of simply converting and
running a conventional car ordinary on
on natural water. So basically what we
do is we feed ordinary natural water in
here nonprocessed natural water. We now
feed the amiient air gases being
ionized. It's being mixed with the water
and then we mix the non-combustible
gases going in the system that regulates
the control. So allows us now to release
the thermal explosive energy from
hydrogen and do it on a control means.
Further development on the on the
technology centered around also the
development
of what we call the laser accelerator
control and this would had to be
developed in order to translate from a
mechanical displacement to an electronic
uh displacement in order to allow the
hydrogen computer system to produce the
gas on demand based on acceleration
control. So what you're really seeing
with the water fuel cell as it is today
is that we have a full system
engineering approach allowing us now to
use water as a main fuel source to be
able to run a conventional engine and
run it on water and do it and equal or
supersede the performance uh of a a car
running on gasoline or diesel fuel. Many
people do not realize that when you run
a car or truck on either gasoline or
diesel fuel, you're actually running
them on hydrogen. And all we're doing is
using the hydrogen from water. And under
the National Bureau of Standards figures
shows that when you use water, the
energy release is roughly two and a half
times more powerful than that of
gasoline. So water is a very powerful
fuel. And all you needed to do was solve
the answers of number one producing the
hydrogen economically, controlling it on
demand, being able to adjust the burn
rate of hydrogen and gas to coequal the
fossil fuels and the third one was to be
able to transport it without spark
ignition. And we've solved all of these
problems on the design engineering. And
of course, the water fuel injector, as
I've shown you, now gives us the
abilities to uh transport the water
directly to the fuel injector, which is
now going into the voltage zones, which
now is performing the the electrical
polarization process that goes and
triggers the hydrogen fracturing
technology, but it's doing it inside the
engine. So we all know that natural
water um is very stable and therefore it
becomes a very fail safe operable system
as we pointed out earlier.
Yeah, we talked about that. Yeah. Yeah.
So in a system engineering approach uh
in mass production, it looks like we can
translate and reduce the systems
approach down to a unit that cost
roughly $1,500 per vehicle.
uh for trucks it will be slightly larger
than that uh below $5,000 it looks like
uh we'll be able to reach the economics
to it and using ordinary natural water.
You add nothing to the water. You don't
process the water in any way. Now here's
another uh feature to the system that
everybody asks me about is what happens
uh to the water in the winter time. Does
it freeze up? Well, part of our
technology was in the areas of
development what we call a steam
resonator. Now since the unlike atoms
take on opposite electrical charges, we
simply use another part of our
technology to restrict the amps voltage
to take over and therefore we agitate
the water molecules which in turn
generates kinetic energy which in turns
heats the water. Now this is phenomenal
in the fact we consume very little
electrical energy in order to heat the
water. So uh there are very far ranging
advantages and features to the
technology ranging even in the areas
that we now have a way of using voltage
and by switching off uh amplow and
dealing with um the environmental
control areas. We're developing uh the
technology in areas of deselination of
salt water. Whenever you have a free and
abundant energy source like water uh
it's only limited to the imagination to
put it to work. This technology is very
applicable to deselination of the
saltwater handling of toxic waste
chemicals by high pulse voltage
frequency and restrict the amps. We now
can separate the molecular structure of
toxic chemicals and render them useless
and safe. It also takes us to the
technology uh of combining unlike atoms
that here therefore was not uh possible
under the natural state of coalent
linkup. Uh this led us to the
development of the EPG electrical
generator technology uh where we're able
to magnif uh manufacturer magnetize gas
that exists at room temperature and
enhance the electromagnetic field
without increasing mass. So our
technology from since the time of the
era of embargo has been very farreaching
to give us a comprehensive energy source
that we literally can use anywhere into
the economies and move in a bilateral
movement throughout the economies of the
world uh to bring an energy source in
and as I pointed out earlier uh the
pending energy crisis that's being will
confront us very quickly uh we literally
have the ability now of engineering
systems engineering it to mass
production very very quickly and
hopefully be able to stem him off uh
this imminent energy crisis that's that
is now occurring. A lot of people are
not aware of that Kuwait produces or
manufactures the majority of aviation
fuel for the world and it's anticipated
uh as pointed out earlier that it's
possible as much as 20% drop in aviation
fuel uh may occur within 6 to 8 months.
If that happens then the domino domino's
effect will occur and we'll start to
trigger an an energy system uh an energy
shortage throughout the world. The same
conditions that happen in the United
States is also occurring in the air
fields where the natural pressure in the
existing uh oil fields are dropping. Uh
the only difference between the US and
the airfields, their their pressure is
dropping three times faster than
occurred in the United States. You just
can't keep pulling the oil out of the
ground and expect it's going to be there
forever. The hourglass effect is
occurring at a more uh faster rate now
on nuclear power plants. China's open
the doors to western technology. 25% of
the population of the world wants the
same goods and services that you and I
have been enjoying and that uh the
industrial base cannot cannot be
maintained or expand without the supply
and utilization of energy of which we
have very little fossil fuel left. So
it's imperative that that we developed a
technology that we can move very quickly
and of course water was the answer to it
uh because water is a very free and
abundant energy source and so this
technology has led us to the abilities
of harnessing and using the water uh in
this particular way which we call the
water fuel cell technology.
Could you give an indication of the
amount of energy stored in a gallon of
water compared to a barrel of oil for
instance? Yes. uh as I pointed out
earlier when you separate the hydrogen
oxygen gases and go into the gas
ignition process uh its energy uh
releases roughly 2 and a half times that
of gasoline. Now note the reference is
not two and a half times that of
fingernail poly, it's two and a half
times that of gasoline. But in the
hydrogen fracturing technology, we have
uh developed a technology as the Lord
has shown me that by igniting the
hydrogen oxygen gases and setting up a
condition by which the uh water molecule
is prevented to form then we now can tap
into a very higher energy yield. And as
a result of this uh the hydrogen
fraction technology shows that we can
release energy up to beyond 2.5 million
barrels of oil per gallon of water and
do it safely.
And as I had shown you earlier, we are
now preparing this technology uh to be
retrofitted directly to a jet commander
uh which we plan not only to fly around
the world non-stop around the equator
but turn 90° and go from the north and
south pole. So it's a tremendous amount
of energy source and what we've done is
found a a triggering process to allow us
to release this tremendous amount of
energy and do it safely. So it gives us
the ability to not only uh sustain and
maintain the economies of the world but
also give us the abilities to uh handle
the environmental pollution problems at
the same time. We can't keep putting CO2
in the air and expect that the energy
level is going to be there even for our
plants. And uh we all talk about the
greenhouse effect but very few people
come up with a viable answer to it and
the water fuel cell technology gives us
the ability. You get us
can you can you explain the your driving
force behind spending all this money and
energy developing something like this
has cost you about 10 years of your
life. Can you explain why you're doing
all this and what really drives you to
keep Well, I uh I did an analysis during
the Arab embargo uh as to what actually
occurred. I didn't pay any attention to
the political leaders as to why we had
an energy problem and I realized that
without a new free and abundant energy
source to come into the world economy
very quickly then the world economy uh
could collapse. So uh as a scientist uh
I have a very diversified background
from research development, product
development, engineering and corporate
entrepreneuring. And when I realized uh
the problem that was confronting us, I
went into my office laboratory and as a
scientist I had always believed that
there was an existence of God. It was
mathematically impossible that we had
derived ourselves in swamcast. If you
got to have a lot of faith, you have to
you have to have a lot of faith to
believe in evolution. And so I went in
my office laboratory and I said, "God, I
love my country. It's the greatest
country in the world. If you'll help me
put a power supply in the country, I'll
do anything that uh you want me to do.
And subsequently, I was like Paul on on
the road to Damascus. I didn't know the
Lord, but once he revealed himself to
me, uh subsequently, I was filled with
the Holy Spirit. And I've been
exercising the power and authority of
the word of God uh bringing this
technology in. And many people ask me
about uh do I fear my life? I have
learned the power of angels and I've
been protected in trying to bring this
technology in. The ultimate objective is
not only to stabilize the economies of
the world but uh if we realize any funds
from the technology
uh it will go into world evangelization.
You see as a scientist once truth is
shown to me truth is truth and of course
I got what I wanted a ticket to go to
heaven. I got filled with the Holy
Spirit and so as a scientist uh truth is
truth and I have a responsibility just
as I have a responsibility to the water
fuel cell technology to try to bring it
out into the world. I also have the
responsibilities to relate the truth of
the word of God uh not only to the guy
uh to the next door neighbor or the guy
down the block but also relate that
truth of that knowledge to uh every
person in the world if I possibly can do
it. So the ultimate objective of the
water fuel cell technology really is to
help set the financial base of capable
of evangelizing the world. Now, this is
there's a difference between spiritual
knowledge and worldly knowledge. And you
can't go to the world system and ask
them to help evangelize the world and
spread the gospel. Uh but you can go to
a world system and give them a cheap uh
power supply that's so economically
they'll save them economically and then
those funds will go into the world
evangelization. So, uh the water fuel
cell technology really the ultimate
objective is to accomplish the task of
evangelizing the world uh by giving the
financial abilities to do so. And that's
my prime that's my ultimate and prime
objective. The water fuel cell will give
us the abilities to do this.
Well, if you notice on my logo, you'll
see Job 38:22 and 23. And this is where
the Lord is talking to Job. And he asks
Job this question. He says, "Have you
considered the treasures of snow? Or
have you considered the traces of hell
which I have reserved against the time
of trouble against battle and war? Now
the interpretation of the scriptures are
as follows. Is not snow the most
beautiful part about water? That no one
snowflake looks exactly the same as that
of another. The treasures of snow is the
characteristic and knowledge of water.
The Lord knew that in fact that we would
have and reach a very critical point in
our history that since we went on
dependency of fossil fuels that that
poss the flow of fossil fuels uh may be
disrupted and as a result the Lord
specified that this knowledge of water
would come out of time of great trouble
but he also specified that the knowledge
would come out prior to two events.
Okay. Now that we've uh now that you've
heard how the thing functions, you
explained your background why you are
working on this thing. Uh what do you
think of possible applications and where
do you think this this device can be
applied in what scale and what's the
amount of energy we can get out of it?
Like you talked before about converting
cars uh commercial airplanes. Uh is
there any other application you think
of? Oh yes. Not only uh is this
technology applicable for all modes of
transportation uh but it also has
application in industrial processes uh
during the air embargo I was called in a
meeting in Columbus Ohio with the
industrial leaders and Columbus gas
system informed us that our gas was
being cut off 100%. uh what actually
were telling us that we were going out
of business and I saw some of the most
richest and most powerful industrial
leaders of the state popping pills and I
thought they were going to have heart
attacks because basically without energy
you can't make a product if you can't
make a product you can't make profit if
you can't make profits you cannot pay
your bills so result the bigger you are
the harder you fall the faster that uh
you would go in economic uh uh
bankruptcy so it's imperative that this
technology not only be uh developed for
the uh transportation areas but also to
apply to industrial applications uh to
be able to give energy uh the technology
and hydrogen fracturing technology that
gave us the abilities to go in and to
protect the military integrity of the
western world. So this technology is
applicable not only in those areas but
uh for example during the Arab embargo
uh our Navy task force did not have the
fuel and so as we have the abilities now
to go on the maritime applications
literally run the ships off of water uh
as a main fuel source and at the same
time using the application is cleaning
up our environment and preventing from
the CO2 and the contaminants uh that go
in the air. So we can move this
technology bilateral in every aspect of
the economy and do it very very quickly.
And so that led us leads us now into the
fact that we have been developing this
technology uh for mass production. And
so once uh we finalize debugging of the
pre-engineering unit, then we're going
to translate it into a very
cost-effective uh system uh by taking
the technology into microchip technology
and plastic mold injection technology
allows us now to move this type of
technology very quickly. Matter of fact,
one master mold uh set uh can produce
over 11,000 units every 24 hours. that
gives us abilities now to move in a
bilateral movement but to get the energy
source throughout the entire world
quickly. uh if u if the oil is shut off
uh to us either by war or by some other
methods um a lot of people do not
realize Saddan has the viral germ
through genetic restructuring that if he
uses it one it lives off the bacteria of
air and water and even of oil and if he
uses this uh it's possibly that the oil
could be contaminated very quickly and
if that is so then every country in the
world would be faced of shutting off the
flow of oil to each of their countries
now without the supply of fossil fuels
within 180 to 240 days thereafter about
1.5 billion people will be facing
starvation very very quickly uh because
we need that flow of energy in order to
maintain the industrial bases of the
world. So we've designed the technology
to be very flexible to use every segment
of the economy and do it very quickly.
So we're all in the same boat and what
we're doing is illustrating that yes the
technology is viable here. here. We do
have a viable technology that we now can
use water as a fuel source because water
is a very free and abundant uh fuel
source, but it's going to take you and I
and the guy down the street and the
people in each country to bring this
technology uh into the marketplace to
stabilize our countries. And so as a
result, we are uh developed it uh under
the KISS method, keep it simple, stupid
to comply with the law of economics that
the guy who could the cheapest way is
going to win out. So by decentralizing
the mass production of the system and
and and the fabrication of the system
and decentralize the installation of the
system then we should be able to move in
a bilateral movement throughout uh all
the countries of the world to get this
type of technology into their countries
to stabilize their their economic base.
uh if the oil is cut off by these means
or it simply is being cut off by a lack
of supply of oil that's now showing uh
is the same natural pressure that
dropped in the airfields as I pointed
out a little earlier is also occurring
in the North Sea the North Sea uh
pressure has dropped by one/3 so we all
need the energy and so therefore I feel
it's going to take the people of the
world to come together and the leaders
of the of the each country to come
together in one accord in order to allow
this type of technology to go on to
stabilize their econom eomic basis in
each each respective country. Do you
have any time scale for mass production
set up yet? And second, do you have any
organization or you planning an
organization international or Yes, we
are. I'm negotiating with many uh
leaders of different countries of the
world. Uh but the ultimate objective is
to mobilize mobilize the masses of the
people uh in order to bring it in. this
is the only way that that that can come
in and uh so as we finalize our
debugging of the system uh and take it
into mass production areas, we can do
this by simply turning the technology
over to many many uh fabricators and
people who have certain skills uh in the
machining areas or mass production areas
that would allow this type of technology
to be produced very quickly.
Thanks very much for this interview. Oh,
my pleasure. We appreciate it very much.
Thank you. You're welcome.
I see your red light. Focus. How to
focus it on.
Okay. Stanley, can you give us some idea
about the size of a conversion kit for a
car for instance? Uh we see this all
this electronics sitting there, but I
guess this is not going to be part of a
future upgrade kit for a car, is it? No.
Basically what this was a
pre-engineering unit in order to satisfy
the US code of operability on section 35
section 101 and it was uh developed uh
as pre-engineering to uh show the
operability of all the different
operational parameters of water fuel
cell but in actuality the entire
technologies you see here is really
reduced down to the water fuel cell
injectors you see right here. This this
is the only thing that's needed for
upgrading a car or is there anything
else involved? No. uh the water fuel
cell injector which replaces the the
conventional spark plug in and an
internal combustion engine. This is
hooked up to a water tank. Basically, if
you have a plastic fuel tank in your
car, you simply drain out the the
gasoline, flush it out, fill it up with
fresh water. Then then uh uh the water
fuel cell injector now allows the water
to be uh transferred. uh the system
approach allows the water to be to go in
to the injector which is now being
processed to release the thermal
exposure energy from hydrogen. The
second part is hooked up to it is what
we've referred to here again as the gas
processor that's ionizing the gas to
allow it to come in. So basically in
retrofit all we're doing is simply
tapping off the exhaust gases from the
conventional engine. We're now using the
gas processor to utilize the ambient air
to ionize the gases which is now mixing
with the water which now converts it to
water fuel. We're allowing the water
fuel to go into the into the injector
that's now uh plugged into our uh
replaces your spark plug and allows the
engine now to run off the thermal
explosion engine from hydrogen. So
basically all we're doing is taking the
gas uh gasoline out of the tank, fill it
up with water. We now uh replace the
spark plug with the water fuel cell
injector. And we now hook a small little
miniaturized computer which controls and
meter mixes the gases going in the
engine to allow uh the engine to uh
accelerate and de accelerate. So the
installation is a quite a very small
lightweight uh compact electronic uh
control system. Okay. Now the
distributor is that going to be the
same? Can you use the same distributor
or do you have a modified version or is
there anything additional to it? Can you
explain? We do. We uh we do modify the
uh distributor as it's shown over here.
Uh we simply take off the conventional
gas tank uh gas rotor cap out of
conventional engine and we put the laser
distributor uh in between the the uh
distributor assembly and the cap. And
this now sends the signals to the uh
computer system which will really be uh
composite of several IC ch IC or
integrated circuit chips that
miniaturaturizes the the hydrogen
computer system.
This whole hydrogen stuff isn't
extremely explosive in the car. Is there
any danger involved? What's the safety
aspect of it all? No, we have actually
solved the problem. Uh there's no
storage of hydrogen whatsoever. The
water goes into the injector which now
allows it to go into a high pulse
voltage zone which performs electrical
polarization process. So the water is
only converted into thermal explosive
energy as it enters the injector. So the
thermal explosive energy is now
occurring inside the engine. So the
electronic system is designed to
regulate and control the explosion of
the energy which now coequals that of
gasoline. So it's a tremendously
failsafe operable system. Okay. So it's
safe. It's a small system. Yes. Uh what
about maintenance of the car engine
itself? Uh do I need more maintenance?
Is it different? Um is there anything do
I have to modify anything on the
maintenance schedule? No, just keep the
same maintenance as you you have it. Uh
since you're releasing thermal explosive
energy into the engine and you're
co-equaling the the burn rate of
gasoline, then there's very little
maintenance. Uh if there is uh any
maintenance at all. Uh we developed the
uh technology years ago that we could
really impregnate the cylinder walls uh
of the engine with teflon and we can
even uh impregnate treat the bearings
and literally run an engine off of uh
off of the teflon and eliminate the oil.
Uh if that occurs then you can use a
product something like slick 50 in the
engine uh if you would need it. But the
wear factor since it's a very clean
burning fuel. Hydrogen is a very clean
burning fuel. Then uh the engine uh oil
is not contaminated under the uh the old
method of running on gasoline or diesel
fuel. So it's extremely clean burning
fuel.
Are we on?
Yeah. The red temper.
Questionly, what what about the valves
in the engine? The pistons don't the
pistons burn out because there's no
lubrication of the of the lead or any
any other additives to the usual gas?
Now, the valves, you know, have been
designed very recently to operate off of
non-leted gasoline. And since we use the
exhaust gases to cycle back in to
modulate the burn rate of hydrogen gas,
as we now control the burn rate to
coequal gasoline, then the engine
temperature and operations are are
duplicating the same thing on gasoline
or diesel fuel. So, you don't change the
engine in any way. And this allows us
now to retrofit the water fuel cell
technology to any uh uh existing engine.
And that's very important because it now
gives us ability uh that we can
stabilize transportation as we talked
about before if the energy is cut off.
Okay. So now the accelerator can still
keep the same mechanical accelerator or
do you have a new device for that as
well? Yes, we developed over here come
along.
We've developed the uh what we call a
laser accelerator as you see right here
that um simply is attached to the
accelerator pedal and it trans uh as you
press the pedal down the gas pedal down
it displaces the um
mechanical displacement into electrical
impulses which now is fed into the micro
miniaturized computer electronics. So
this gives us the abilities now to
control the acceleration. This type of
technology uh has given us the abilities
to equal or supersede the performance of
acceleration de acceleration on
conventional uh cars that's running on
gasoline or diesel fuel. So the the
hydrogen uh being two and a half times
more powerful than gasoline gives us a
tremendous amount of performance over
the prior state-of-the-art. It runs very
smoothly and uh uh it it has a very
unusual sensation. Generally when you're
running a a car on gasoline you have
this kind of a pause but when you're
running on hydrogen the way we're doing
it it's a tre it's a constant
acceleration. So it's a it's a extremely
very fast responding uh fuel source
that's coming from water hydro. So
you're claiming that performance is
equal or better as a normal gasoline
car. Oh yes definitely. It'll even start
up quicker. Uh in the in the winter
time, you're dealing with a liquid
gasoline or liquid diesel fuel and you
have problems in starting. Uh in cold
weather, you don't freeze uh you don't
freeze uh gas uh gas atoms and uh so by
converting the water into instant energy
uh gives us ability to start the engine
very very quickly.
When you start an engine in the morning,
for instance, uh how long does it take
before you can drive away? Oh, it's it's
in an instantaneous startup uh
immediately when pulse voltage frequency
hits the the water uh it converts it to
the gas which now produces a thermal
explosive energy. So, it's an instant
it's an instant type of start. The
electronic uh circuit interfacing gives
us the abilities to control and meter
the amount of water that's going in on
the start condition as as opposed on a
run condition. So the computer
automatically adjustes between the start
condition and the uh and the run
condition. So electronically we have the
abilities to adjust for these parameters
and uh the same as a conventional car we
also have the abilities to adjust for
different ambient air conditions uh
going from sea level up into the
mountain ranges. So automatically the
electronic circuitry design gives us the
abilities to adjust these parameters to
give us a very smooth operational uh
performance.
But uh what about air pressure? I mean
when you go up high in in the mountain
you don't use uh ambient air so it has
no improvements on the performance of
the car. No. Uh if you come over here um
here we have a a part uh a device is a
metal bellows which now allows uh to
control the amount of ambient air going
into the engine of the car. And this
automatically allows us to regulate uh
the ambient air pressures going from sea
level up into the mountain areas. So
electronically these uh uh solenoids you
see here are have sensors that
automatically uh senses the amount of
ammun pressures and they're
automatically electronically adjusted to
compensated for difference of air
pressure. So this allows us now to give
us tremendous good performance uh going
from sea level right on up into the into
the high mountain regions.

===== Stanley Meyer  running car on water. Water Car GENIUS.en.srt =====
I'm just going to adjust
this. gives you a good example of what
the range of the accelerator control is.
We're adjusting this signal for about
100% down to about the 10% range. And
this shows what the range of
the accelerator is. You'll notice how
nice and even and smooth it is. And now
it gives us a signal that converts the
mechanical
pedal, the driving pedal, gas pedal to
the U injector. And this signal right
here represents the on time of the
injector. You'll notice that I that the
on time can increase and decrease and
it's a very sharp, very nice pulse that
controls the injectors. Now, this is the
Okay, this is the injector block right
here. You'll see the injectors are
sitting here and here. And this is what
the injector looks like. It sits right
in here. And basically this the uh gas
was will be coming into the device from
this side. Comes into here through the
injector down into the porting or the
input of the engine itself. If you'll
notice, if you listen to the sound, you
can hear the injector speed
up, that's equivalent to running the car
about 60 m an hour right
now. And we have plenty of dynamic range
because we can adjust the ranges of that
injector. These injectors are really
going strong.
right here. If you put your finger on
the end of it, you can feel the
injectors. They turn just
running very very fast right
now is the accelerator control. And what
this does is converts the
mechanical movement of the gas pedal to
an electrical signal which is brought
into the system here which controls the
injection. So basically as you would
turn this device
uh which would be controlling the
signals uh you'll notice
that it would also be controlling the
injectors has the same function.
So this device right here is the um
conversion between the gas pedal to an
electrical signal which controls the
inject time of the
injectors. All right. What I wanted to
show you here was uh this is kind of a
pre-engineering model that allows us to
develop the electronics and the controls
for the car and then eventually all of
this will be uh shrunken down into a
very small package using LSI
technology. Essentially what we're
seeing on the packages here is we have a
power supply unit here which actually
regulates the battery voltage uh to a
consistent level. This particular two
modules here you see is is associated
with the distributor. You'll notice you
can see the lights as they go around.
Basically that is the distributor
firing. This particular unit is set up
for a fourcylinder car but can also
operate a six-cylinder car. You'll
notice that we have two select switches
here. These switches right here allows
us to switch between gasoline for an
operating mode and then switch over to
the water as an operating mode. This is
so that we can test the differences
between the two. These four modules
right here basically are the injectors.
They in control the injector itself.
Right here uh we have both uh manual
controls. All the switches in a down
position is for manual control and all
the switches in the up position is for
automatic control. This particular
module right here is the accelerator
module. This module controls all of the
injectors
uh
simultaneously. This particular module
right here is a gated module that
controls the gated pulses and frequency
to the wider cells themselves. We can uh
actually turn all the cells off and on
by this switch or go to a manual control
where we can adjust the uh energy that
the cell is using and its output by this
control. This is the master generator.
Everything in the circuitry basically is
using digital technology. Uh we do
convert it to analog where we have to uh
for the accelerator control. Over here
we have a uh an alarm module. This uh
module will uh give us an over speed
trip if the pack goes too high. If we
have high pressure, low oil or high
temperature. And in some cases we put a
jar switch on there so that it like the
ND500 that is a requirement. This module
here is our tachometer module. Basically
what happens here is if we increase our
speed to a level this run light will go
out. You'll notice that you can see the
lights flashing much much
faster and we can get to a
point. Let me back it off here. I'll
slow it back down. Switch a range.
All right. Now,
we're starting to increase our
attack. All right, let me take the
inhibit off. We'll put it back into the
trip mode and you'll actually see it
shut
down. And there's where the engine would
have gone into an oversp speed condition
and we shut the electronics off.
Therefore allowing the safe operation
car. We have an alarm light on. We're
sitting at a high tack. We had an over
speed trip. If I bring the system back
down allow back
in. We have all of these alarms set up
to protect the
unit. Jo is taking the cell driver
circuit as you see right here. And we're
going now to interface this with the
voltage intensifier circuit. And
basically what will happen is that a
unipore pulse train is now entered into
the voltage intensifier circuit. And as
this happens, this switching diode will
now allow the uh this coil to be
energized which is now hooked to the
capacitor which is a resonant cavity and
it forms a resonant charging choke. And
basically what takes place is that this
charging choke here will be energized
and it's a magnetic field. now will
restrict the amp flow, allow voltage to
take over and as a result we'll be able
to produce a tremendous amount of energy
uh hydrogen gas from water on demand.
One of the pieces that we're
retrofitting to the car is that I have
my hand on right now is what we call a
light gate or it's a device that fits
right on top of the distributor.
Essentially what happens is we remove
the distributor cap and we put this
device in between and essentially what
it does is it takes the rotation of the
engine converts it to electrical signal
so that we can control the
injectors. This is a part of the light
guide that fits onto the system and we
actually set it on the shaft. Rotate it
till we get the right calibration and
then put the the distributor cap and its
rotor back onto the system and we're all
set. This is a retrofit for
converting. Okay. Now, as you mentioned
earlier, we'll take the the light guides
to sit here. All right. And then boy,
that went on pretty good, didn't it? And
that shield will go top. And of course,
we'll insert the rudder cap.
And now we'll just go ahead and insert
the distrib.
Okay. Now that'll be pretty good.
Where's your lock down
at now? Now what we're going to do now
is that this is going to be replaced
with this airgate as you see right here.
Okay. So that's going to regulate. I
better turn it upright. And that'll
regulate our air going in. Does this
come off like this? Yeah, it'll take
off. Yeah, I want to do that. Now, this
will be, see the air gate now will be
hooked to the acceler accelerator, the
laser accelerators we have here, you
know, that's hooking to your computer
system. All right. You're going to take
this rod, you can hook it right up here,
right? Yeah. And that'll be that'll be
for acceleration control. Now, this is
going to be our feedback, our exhaust
feedback control, which sits right in
here. And that'll regulate now the
exhaust gases going back into the
injectors which in
turn here's our injectors. Okay. And so
our our exhaust gases are going to go
back into the injector and that'll
regulate the burn rate of the hydrogen
going into the engine. So we'll adjust
the hydrogen burn rate to coequal the
gasoline uh as we've demonstrated. Okay.
Piece right here then. Yeah. This is
where the regulator is going to be
exhaust regulators. Now, this uh this
injector replaces this manifold as you
see right here. Okay? And so, it'll seat
down in there and then uh you'll have
the ambient air going to a gas uh uh the
hydrogen gas guns, which now will go
into the injector systems themselves.
Okay. All right. What I'm going to do is
adjust the uh we've got the injectors
operating right here and this is the
inject time that we're seeing on the
oscilloscope. And I can adjust the rate.
Ah, good. That means uh now we know, you
know, now the engine is specifically
being set to cause the transmission to
run around 3,000 RPM. That's good. You
know, regardless of the uh gear that
we're going to be in. Okay, that's
now that's like the car running about
100 miles an hour. You'll notice here
that this pulse here is the
inject. This is the first injector and
that's the second injector. So, what
you're seeing here and the sound that
you're hearing is is actually the
injectors operating at that speed. Now,
if you go about 3,000 RPM, I expect it
to be something like that. Okay. So, the
laser distributor now is just going to
be triggering this That's right. They're
going to be triggering this so that uh
those injectors are going to be firing
right on the right on dead center. Yeah.
Let me hook up the distributor and then
just hook this up right here and we'll
get the same response from the pulse
with right here that we have. And see, I
can adjust the pulse with
uh by either going in a manual mode or
in automatic mode. And in this case, I
can go uh you notice how I can adjust
the
injector. See how pulse is going smaller
and larger. I'll bring over here. You
can see it better. It's going smaller
and larger. That's controlling the
injector as the gas went into. You know,
I really like those pulsa speakers.
They're very, very clean. They're very
sharp. That means our our computerized
computer is going to be very, very good
in our Oh, yeah. The signals are really
good. Uh they're nice and clean. And uh
I don't there's no problem. You see, as
long as it switches up to high and low,
a very sharp rise time and fall time,
you're not dissipating any energy. Uh,
basically, uh, all the electronics
either turns on and turns off. So,
power-wise, this is the most efficient
because it is digital. It's not sending
an analog to
light. Let's hook up the distributor and
just rotate the engine because I want to
see what it looks like with the same P.
Just testing to see if all the injectors
are firing. And they are in. They are
firing. The I'm actually turning it
manually. Watch it fire. Okay. And you
can see right here, this one has an
injector. That has an injector. That has
Now, I'm going to turn it the way the
car normally
runs.
Okay. So, we got injector here,
here, here, here, and here. Okay.
They're just come in the field of view
right here. There. Saw it. Mhm. That'll
come in one more
time. Getting ready to Now, boy, those
optics, that optics on the laser
distributor is really beautiful, isn't
it? Oh, yeah.
there. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
What I wanted to show you was we have
the injectors here which is connected to
the electronics. The new module that we
have right here is the cell driver
itself and this is the high voltage
intensifier circuit that is being
interfaced to the water cell itself. And
essentially what we're doing here is
that we are controlling the energy going
into the cell. You will notice here that
the pulses
um are changing the number of pulses
that the cell um is using to determine
its power. If you'll notice that the
there's a pulse train that is fed into
the cell and that is directly related to
energy. And as I decrease the
accelerator, I can decrease the number
of pulses that the system sees up here.
This particular signal is the signal
that's fed into the injectors. If you
listen to the
injectors, you will hear and see that
this pulse width gets larger and larger.
And what this pulse is, you notice as
I'm decreasing it, would decrease the
injector time. The clicking that you
hear is a physical injector turning on
and off. If you want to listen to all
the
injectors that was the all four of the
injectors firing at a synchronous rate.
Now one of the features about the new
power cell is that driver for the cell
which we call a uh the driver and then
the intensifier circuit is that we can
control the energy that goes directly
into the cell and we can pick out a
point. Then we have an amplitude
control. That would be where the signal
adjusts in the amplitude. And then we
can control the pulse train that's being
fed to the cell. So we can precisely
control the energy into the cell based
upon the needs of the running of the
car. In other words, you'll notice that
the injector
pulse, note here that the injector pulse
is increasing in size. And we can
determine the number of pulses that the
system will be using for the cell as
well as lower the amplitude of the pulse
which now says we can precisely provide
enough energy to the cell to give us
enough gas to run the automobile. So
it's very efficient uh in the respect
that we're putting in very little energy
into the cell to produce the enough gas
to operate
down.
Um, in the case of a a manual setup, we
can also adjust the system manually so
that we can determine
the
frequency that's fed into the
cell. Here you see that the the
injectors are running. This would be
about
110 115 miles an hour. And that's just
one injector. If we turn on the rest of
them
um I don't think I want to be in a car
when it's running that fast. It's a
little bit too fast in my book. All
right. But the case in point that we
want to make out is that the signal
that's going into the cell, this here,
we can control its energy. We can
control the amplitude of the signal
going into the cell as well as change
the uh control the number of pulses or
the pulse strength uh into the cell. We
have
You'll notice here that I've changed to
show you here that we are setting in a
burst of energy into the cell where
we're having a pulse train. They're
gated on for uh several pulses and then
off. The off time represents the time
that the cell would be off. This would
represent the energy. And as we do our
adjustments to the system, you can
actually see that the pulses are the
pulse train is actually decreasing,
which would represent an energy decrease
in the cell at this particular point.
You'll notice that we can adjust it so
that we have one pulse going into the
cell for a given period of time. So as
we increase our demands on the cell as
needed, we can adjust this pulse train
to give us the energy into the
cell. This would be example all all the
way out to uh just about full that would
be full
100%. This would start to reduce back to
10%. Now the interesting thing about the
pulse trains are again if I adjust the
amplitude of the system you'll notice
that the amplitude also decreases. So I
can control the frequency of the pulse
and the amplitude of the pulse train
going into the water cell here. Again,
this pulse over here represents the
injectors firing at their rate. In this
case, the car would be running in an eye
condition. So this is what it would
sound like if it
was. This is what it would sound like if
we were
running about 60 miles an hour.
You can see here again that this would
be like 60 mph. This would be your pulse
train. And you can see that I can
control the
amplitude of the energy going into the
cell by the pulse train. You can see as
I adjust this, you can see the pulse
strings that are fed into the cell. So
essentially what we've done is we've
taken electronics now gone from the
accelerator itself into the accelerator
card that now comes over to the voltage
intensifier.
Yeah, it'll start flickering up for
Just a little bit more.
Damn
there.
Three and a
half. Three and a half.
Now I can get really ramp up.
Thank
you. How's that?
All
right. Put all
this
connection
really lock it down.
Now, what about for your
control? Control is one of the things
Now this we're working up pretty good.
Okay. So now what we're going to do is
go for the VIP. We'll put it here.
VIP
Yeah. because it'll balance it out when
you pull the exhaust out of here.
Yeah. Okay. All right. Now, if uh I can
go ahead and adjust this. See, when we
loosen this up. Yeah. I'll pull it back
for there. Okay.
Okay. All right. Let me let me help you
on this.
Is this loose now?
Oh, it's not.
Think we can get one of those things to
put on there so we can adjust it right
underneath. I think that's the way. So
we don't have too much
room here.
It has to be a very short one. Yeah.
Yes. When we
Yeah.
Okay. Tell you
what right there.
Yeah. Turn around and smile
at. Okay. Now, so this is
kill you want to kill the whole system.
Put this right here. All right. So the
rest of it
and this one
we need to emergency shut off. This is
going to go to the
gas like today is a VIC unit. This is
the VIC cabinet itself. And you'll
notice that the way this is designed is
that we have the channels that plug in
and we have up to 11 channels that plug
into the VIC unit. Now the power and the
control signals are controlled by this
panel over here on the right. We have an
onoff switch and this is the jack that
controls the gating signal from the GMS
unit that goes into each of these
channels itself. And then this connector
itself goes off to the water fuel cell.
The main power from the batteries uh is
connected here at this location. The
unit that you see here in front of me is
one of the cards that we're just now
currently testing. We're just about
ready to complete our testing on this
card. Uh what we're doing right now is
turning the card on and we've been
testing uh each part of the circuitry to
make sure that it performs to our uh our
requirements. One of the things that uh
we are doing during the testing of the
cards is we have a a system in here. If
you can hear the frequency and look at
the oscilloscope, you will see that we
have a scanning frequency. What happens
is we are scanning the water fuel cell
so that we can find the resonant point
at which the system will lock onto. Now
under normal operation with the cell
being attached to the VIC unit, we would
do the scanning. You'll notice that this
level is going down, then back up, down,
and back up. You'll notice that the
frequency is getting higher and lower,
and then goes back up high again. And
that's actually we're scanning the water
cell. And when we hit the right point,
it will lock on and maintain that level.
Now, what you see on the cards here is
that we have a blinking light, which is
the oscillator on. That tells us that
we're actually controlling the frequency
is being produced. We have a cell on
light that would indicate that the cell
is actually on and performing its
function. Then we also have a lock light
so that when it does capture that reser
frequency, the light will be on
indicating that we're locked on the
water cell. We're in resin and we're
producing the gas. You'll notice the
switches here across the top. We have
the capabilities of turning the unit
completely on or completely off or turn
each individual cell on and off. And
typically on the automobile, we're
forecasting that we're going to use
maybe this component right here. We're
going to solder this component into the
circuit right here. Now, when we're
finished with the car, take the car,
plug it into the heat sink like this.
when that is plugged in like that. Okay.
Then uh that will be able to test this
card out. So let's go ahead and solder
this component right into that resistor.
All right.
Yeah. Yeah. And now this component that
you just soldered, okay, in here will
set up the frequency for this heat sink.
Now we're all set with this card. We can
now plug this card into the VIC
unit. You clean up the wiring in this
thing. You know, use your tool and you
can move these wires in the right spot.
Okay. Okay. Old you take the unit that
uh VIC card that we had right here that
we were testing. Put all those cards in
there and then you put the heat sinks
from the back. And then what you do is
put the unit in like
this. All right.
in. And all you have to do is take the
cap, put the cap on like that, put these
three screws in. We got
it. See that? Like
that. Put it like right here. Like
this. You know, it comes off like this.
You can put it over like that. This
exposes the channels and this makes it
look really nice. Now these switches are
the ones we turn power on. So I can turn
this cell on there. I turn these four
cells on. The rest of these cells are
off. All the other switches will give me
the this is itself. I think it looks
like a nice unit. It's mounted very
rigidely and strong and it uh turn this
power on here. Okay. Now you do your
reset. Reset it here. And now the water
fuel cell is running and oscillating.
Okay. you go in a manual mode or on a
manual mode. Now, this cable, the EIC is
connected here, see it comes right up to
this point right here. So, when this
unit's on and you wire to generate the
the gas from the water when you turn
this unit on, okay, each one of these,
whatever's turned on, will start to scan
and lock in at its residency. And each
one of those things will produce the
gas. This light when it says cell on
means that cell is producing energy. Now
the pressure will build up a little bit
and we'll start putting the gas right
into the motor itself. Removing the uh
removing the uh soldering causing this
unit to turn off. And basically how the
uh the water tank is going to work in
conjunction with the resident cavity is
the water now is going out into the
resident cavity. Then the gases was now
acting as a water pump which causes the
water to go out of the resin cavity now
into this filtering tray which separates
the contaminants and then allows the
water to go back into the resin cavity
uh during g take your uh cursor down to
the diagram that you wanted to work
with. Okay, open it up. All right, then
you that'll display your

===== Stanley Meyer - 1995 It runs on water - Water car GENIUS.en. =====
I think there's a strong possibility
that we're at a turning point in history
a complete revolution in human affairs
with a discovery of totally new energy
sources many people are skeptical of
this but I think we may be going through
the four stages involved any
revolutionary development one it's
nonsense don't waste my time two oh it's
interesting but not important three I
always said it was a good idea and four
I thought of it
first can you imagine what it would be
like if you could split water and run it
into your engines you could put water in
your fuel tank to fly airplanes
power power
stations ordinarily we look at water to
drink and the wor our clothes today you
have to look at water as a fantastic new
fuel
source a world powered by water might
seem like a dream a Pure Fantasy but 100
years ago that is exactly what the men
of steam would have thought about a
world powered by oil
well it was during the Oil Embargo of
the United States it alarmed me that a
little country over in the in the Far
East could actually the United
States and realizing that the entire
industrial base of the United States and
and the world is based on the supply and
utilization of energy it became
imperative that we must try to bring in
an alternate fuel source and do it very
quickly of course I thought originally
with the right type of funding uh we
could possibly get it in within six
months but uh reality shows that the the
12 to 15 years was more uh correct in
this projection
back in the 70s stanmar set out
single-handedly to solve America's
energy problems he decided to do it
using water the world's most abundant
Storehouse of hydrogen which is a far
more powerful fuel than oil for 15 years
Ma has been fighting to get his
inventions taken
seriously most inventors uh have to be a
loner you have to be somewhat thicked
skinn and don't rely on other people to
support you because they will not more
times than not uh invention is really
stolen from the inventors even in my
prior development of high technology
I've had uh patents taken from me I
learned from the School of Hard Knocks
to be very cautious Ma has always stood
out against the crowd he has no formal
qualifications as a scientist because he
didn't wait to graduate from high school
leaving early to go straight into
research at the high powered battel
Institute in his native Ohio now he
works full-time as a private inventor
his goto device with potentially
revolutionary
implications there is nothing startling
about a machine that can extract the
hydrogen from water what is highly
unusual is that it should do so with
ordinary tap water conventional method
is called
electrolysis May has turned that process
on its head unlike electrolysis his
device doesn't use up large amounts of
electric current nor does it produce an
enormous amount of waste
heat for 20 years he has been refining a
method to fracture water which produces
vast amounts of hydrogen on
demand this is not his latest apparatus
he was unwilling to let us point a
camera at that this is the simple device
he used to convince a reluctant patent
office that his revolutionary concept
actually
works alloy rods acting as electrodes
are housed in a perspect container
that's filled with
water normal Main's voltage is fed in
through a Transformer but critically
there is virtually no current consumed
less than half an amp the result is
dramatic hydrogen pours off with the
flick of a
switch me claims the key is his
electronics which pulses electricity
rapidly across the rods up to 20,000
cycles per second in a way that's not
readily apparent this process transforms
the equation whereas in conventional
electrolysis three times as much energy
is consumed as is produced in the form
of hydrogen fuel in Mars apparatus the
reverse is true it appears to produce
several 100% more energy than it
consumes Stan has something that's
characteristic of the people that sound
like they've done something to tap Z
Point
Energy uh has high frequency high
voltage and there's a combination of the
two at which something
occurs uh with ch net ski in Russia it
was what he called a self- sustaining
discharge the tube would run by itself
when Stan gets this effect the amount of
hydrogen and oxygen that are are emitted
off these two electrodes is a step
function it almost boils the water if I
did this with standard electrochemicals
I need current and the water should
rise a degree every couple of seconds
withstands it it'll run for a half hour
and you and the water temperature hasn't
changed something's
different ma demonstrates this
repeatedly without any difficulty and
yet on the face of it it represents an
extraordinary Revolution his
measurements over the years suggest
1700% greater efficiency than
conventional
electrolysis and if he's to be believed
he's getting much better results from
his latest still secret
invention well I think just got involved
with stanm when I went over there with a
couple of colleagues to to look at his
water splitting device so we arrived at
Stanley may he had a demonstration cell
we filled it with tap water in fact I
did that myself and he switched it on
and almost instantly there were three
Jaws dropped because of the the rate at
which the gas poured off it was quite
spectacular whatever energy source Stan
Meyer had tapped it was not explicable
by the electric power that was going
into it so something was powering it
outside of conventional
wisdom there is no question that the gas
coming off in such abundance is hydrogen
Mar ignites it to produce a high
temperature flame able to cut through
metal Stanley May has faced a lot of
difficulties um he's three times tried
to launch the device and produced press
conferences at the technical press round
but he's been almost universally slated
in the early days very much so they just
ridiculed the whole idea he's getting a
little more notice now because some
scientists are getting interested but by
and large science is very intolerant
particularly modern
science as with Tesla Griggs and others
Myers claims are so far outside the
received scientific wisdom that they've
been ignored by the majority of the
scientific establishment but then may
has ignored them too he has poured his
energies over the last 10 years into
establishing recognition for his claims
by getting international
patents in the processing there was a
great deal of difficulty in trying to
process the legal paperwork in such a
way as to allow the patent office to
fully understand what was actually
occurring and one instant uh we brought
the water fuel cell uh to Washington DC
and of course I had tweaked it in such a
way to produce an enormous amount of
hydrogen oxygen gas and the patent
examiner said no it will not work uh
based on electrolysis process and uh
when we turned it on and produced
enormous amount of hydrogen gas uh The
Examiner finally realized that we were
doing exactly that and uh went out in
the hallway and started screaming and
hollering to everybody on the floor put
out all your cigarettes hydr hydrogen in
the building so we started laughing and
said well we certainly convinced
everybody in the patent office that we
can do what we say we can
do even so the US patent office dragged
their feet for 3 years before granting
patents on the hydrogen producing device
since then against Massive Resistance
he's managed to get patents established
throughout Europe and
Japan but the hydrogen machine was only
the first step towards Mar's Ultimate
Dream if he gets it right this
application of his technology would
change the 21st century in the same way
that the Wright brothers and Carl Ben
transformed the 20th he is currently
modifying a beach buggy to run on
nothing but
water it doesn't have a petrol tank or
even a hydrogen container it has just a
tank of water
he's invented a device called a water
splitter to replace the spark
plug as the water is injected into the
engine my claims it's fractured into
hydrogen and oxygen and then burned as
fuel m is working on a kit to modify any
engine he hopes to demonstrated on this
car within 12
months and of course the blessing to the
use of the water as a fuel source uh
that on combustion the byproduct is
water Miss so we're even solving the
environmental pollution problem at the
same time that we're using water to
maintain the industrial basis of the
world Mah is protective about his
inventions to the point of
self-confessed paranoia most observers
describe him as a crank and his car as
an aberration but then Madness and
genius often go hand inand Mar shares
with many inventors a problem that goes
well beyond paranoia as an engineer with
no scientific background he faces a
giant hurdle when he tries to
communicate with
Scientists one problem is that the
language that people use when they're
trying to describe their inventions is
not the language that I as a scientist
am used to and so I have to translate it
if you like into a way that I can begin
to understand what they're trying to say
it might as well be written in swal for
all of the sense that it initially makes
and so I'm not particularly inspired to
put a lot more effort in than the hope
the pearl of wisdom will reveal itself
to me a certain point you hit a law of
diminishing
returns it isn't just a question of the
difficulties of communication there is a
profound barrier between scientists and
inventors and a strong reluctance on the
part of most scientists to risk their
reputations grappling with issues that
don't have a clear scientific
pedigree reluctance to look foolish
inhibits a lot of people from looking at
things things this is looked at as a
pariah you get you touch it and it it
creates an image of you that you don't
want your colleagues to see one extreme
you might have things that are
guaranteed to work but are not very
interesting if they do and at The Other
Extreme things that are a real long shot
but would be revolutionary and so you
have to try and weigh the balance and
decide which side is more likely to be
profitable for you then having made some
choices you then have to ask yourself
how do I actually go about doing this do
I have to apply for funds to do it and
if I do who will I be competing with and
what is the better chance that this will
be supported or that because at least in
the big science area that I work you
can't just sort of come up with an idea
on a Friday and expect to start the
experiment on a Saturday it takes many
months many years even of
preparation but there the scientific
establishment may have ignored the likes
of Meer a powerful military-industrial
complex certainly hasn't
over the past 10 years Meer says he's
been quietly approached by many
influential organizations who would
never admit publicly to their
involvement with
him it is involved in deep space
exploration and it's also uh being
developed quite highly in the
military basically what occurred with
water fuel cell was in the fact that
once they
understood uh was actually occurring
then under the US National Security uh
mandate uh I have no
of power whether or not the military or
NASA or the federal government will
utilize the technology they can utilize
it in any way they so
desire NASA is using every method it can
to regain some of its now fading glory
in the face of strong Congressional
resistance the days of Limitless budgets
for space exploration have long since
gone as the champion of a new
environmentally friendly energy source
NASA would gain immense support your
identification
please you have your ID identification
as a former top scientist of the NASA
space Band project Professor Paul ziss
has an inside track on the workings of
the
agency NASA has large centers the center
that's in charge of propulsion is NASA
Lewis in Cleveland Ohio can you
imagine instead of having a um a million
pound rocket has 900,000 lbs of fuel on
board and
oxidizer can you imagine what it would
be like if you could put a device on
there that would split water and run it
into your engines no explosive
compounds public confirmation of a
contract from NASA would provide a
resounding boost for Ms
technology Paul says it's only in a
closed meeting they confirm such an
agreement they're looking for new energy
sources I understand from the people
that I've talked with that they have
worked with Stan and Tred to understand
understand what he's done and given him
a contract I also understand with the
bureaucracy in Washington and the con
Congressional oversight as to why they
would never admit it anyone that does
that will be suspect will be challenged
will be considered a
threat but if only a fraction of what
Meer claims for his technology can be
achieved it would represent a
Vindication for NASA's involvement would
also be a powerful threat to many
entrenched vested interests if Stan
Meyer's device works like he
advertises you would make energy
available universally almost
free that is a major major major
impact when new technology comes in
existence there's a great resistance to
it uh because it can affect a lot of
economic factors uh in this particular
case in the United States um we pay out
roughly about $200 billion dollar a year
for foreign oil uh it's quite obvious
that uh the Arabs would pay $200 billion
to try to keep this type of Technology
uh out of the
economy and many many times over the
last decade I have been offered enormous
amounts of money to Simply sell out or
to sit on it the Arabs offer me well
over a billion dollars cold Cas simply
just sit on and do absolutely nothing
with it
my life has been uh threatened many
times of course I happen to believe in
the power of angels and if I don't
believe in the power of angels I don't
believe I'll be around here too
long if the thing like Stan mayor has
works every piston engine every gas
turbine in the world today if it had his
converter could run on it uh with a
little invention we could get Standalone
devices to run over all over the
world um I think it would be in what I
would can be concerned about is the
people that sell energy would be
essentially bankrupted it's what
happened to the conestogo wagons when
trains came or to the Pony Express when
the telegraph came in you're going to
wipe out an entrenched power base and
they may not go easily