nearby stand
and
have a net
water powered
I need to open my remote as well.
Oh,
just explaining how this thing goes.
Yeah. Can you zoom in back in here?
Are we on? Okay.
Okay. You know, this is the uh hydrogen
computer system which was designed
uh in order to be able to process the
fuel to produce the hydrogen gas from
water and do it economically and be able
to control its firing going to allow the
uh uh the Volkswagen engine to run off
of hydrogen. There's a lot u
uh engineering design that went into
this. Even though that this is our u our
systems engineering approach, uh the
hydrogen computer system you see here
will be miniaturaturized down to several
uh IC chips which will allow us to give
the economics uh to apply to a
conventional car.
Over here uh there's very unique design
features uh that had to be developed in
order to uh develop the water fuel cell
as a retrofit energy systems to
conventional cars. Um we had to go ahead
and devel uh develop the laser what we
call the laser distributor as you see
right here which is put between the
conventional uh rotor cap and that of
the rotor assembly. And primarily what
this does this sets up the electronic uh
signals that goes back and triggers the
computer system in order to allow uh the
car to run successfully on hydrogen. uh
in order to run this uh engine off of uh
water, we've also had to learn the
ability to adjust the burn rate of
hydrogen to coeico the fossil fuels. We
did this by simply now u pulling off a
portion of the exhaust gas that's coming
from the engine as you see through this
tube here that's going through this
electronic regulator that's hooked up to
the hydrogen computer. And basically
what's happening is that as the ambient
air is going into the engine and going
through the burning process, it produces
the non-combustible gases that retards
the speed by which the oxygen atom
unites the hydrogen bring on gas
ignition. So by simply using the ex the
non-combustible gases coming from the
exhaust of the engine we now modulate
and control the speed by which that
oxygen unites with the hydrogen and
therefore we are adjusting the burn rate
of hydrogen to coe with that of gasoline
or or fossil fuels or even diesel fuel
and that gave us the number one retrofit
capabilities or retrofitting the water
fuel cell technology to an existing
engine. And we do this electronically.
The unit that you see right here, we
call this a gas processor. And basically
what we're doing is we're ionizing the
ammun gases that is now going into the
process. And this allows us to trigger
and use the hydrogen fracturing
technology and tapping into a higher
energy yield coming from the hydrogen.
The unit you see right here, this is
referred to as a resonant cavity. Uh
water is now fed into the resonant
cavity through this water tank. And as
such, we now expose the water to a very
high intense pulse voltage field and
restrict the amps. And therefore, the
electrical polarization process now
allows us to release the hydrogen
economically from water. And by
attenuating the uh voltage field uh the
amplitude of the voltage field, we now
can control the rate of the production
of the hydrogen gas on demand. So this
is what's called referred to as a
constant demand generator. We also now
extend or allow the voltage amplitude to
increase even to a higher level and
allow the uh the water atoms to go into
an ionization state which gives us the
ability even to produce a higher energy
yield uh by producing more hydrogen gas
on demand. So the fuel now coming from
the water uh through the electrical
polarization process going into
resonance. Resonance meaning that we're
actually tuning into the dialectric
properties of water and allows us to
reduce amps down flow down to minimum
and allow voltage to take over that
disassociates the water molecule on
demand and those fuel gases are now
coming through this uh electronic
injector system as you see here. So
basically we're now feeding the ionized
air from the uh the gas processor. We're
now also taking the water fuel gases
that are now coming from ordinary water.
We are now mixing it with the
non-combustible gases, the ami air gases
and regulating those uh control of the
fluid mediums or four fluid mediums. And
as a result now we can uh tune in and
allow this engine to run off of natural
water.
this systems approach. Uh this
particular unit here is referred as the
VIC or the voltage uh intensified
circuit technology. Uh this is being
miniaturaturized down to a very small
lightweight system. Uh on this is
demonstrated in our systems engineering
approach on the technology that we can
apply it to other uh applications uh not
only in the transportation area but also
in industrial applications. So it was
paramount that we would uh demonstrate
and have the technology solved for
design engineering retrofitting to
existing energy consuming devices
whether whether it's being run internal
combustion engine or a diesel engine or
hook it to an industrial process. So all
of these um design interfacing
technology is now being solved. We are
in the latter stages of what we call the
pre-engineering system uh which will now
allow us to miniaturaturize the
technology once we're completed on the
design applications uh and take it into
mass production. Uh give you a classic
example of this. We've also developed uh
from this technology which we call the
water fuel cell injector.
And basically uh this injector now is a
miniaturaturized water fuel cell or
miniaturaturized resonant cavity. And
this technology now allows us to simply
replace we can bypass this part of the
systems approach and now simply replace
the spark plug with the water fuel cell
injector. And as a result now we can run
the water up to the injector which is
now being processed and being exposed to
a very high pulse voltage frequency. And
as a result as the water fuel is being
going into the system then the explosion
takes place inside the cylinder.
Therefore makes this extremely failsafe
operable system. Uh the cord as you see
here is strictly hooks up to a very high
intensity voltage pulse and we restrict
the amps to cause the electrical
polarization proh process which in turns
the voltage amplitude now takes it and
and goes into the ionization state to
perform the hydrogen fracturing
technology and then in turn the high
pulse voltage frequency now allows the
ignition of the gases. So therefore we
do this electronically and so this
technology has taken us down to the
water fuel cell tech water fuel injector
as you see here today which gives us a
very
economical way of simply converting and
running a conventional car ordinary on
on natural water. So basically what we
do is we feed ordinary natural water in
here nonprocessed natural water. We now
feed the amiient air gases being
ionized. It's being mixed with the water
and then we mix the non-combustible
gases going in the system that regulates
the control. So allows us now to release
the thermal explosive energy from
hydrogen and do it on a control means.
Further development on the on the
technology centered around also the
development
of what we call the laser accelerator
control and this would had to be
developed in order to translate from a
mechanical displacement to an electronic
uh displacement in order to allow the
hydrogen computer system to produce the
gas on demand based on acceleration
control. So what you're really seeing
with the water fuel cell as it is today
is that we have a full system
engineering approach allowing us now to
use water as a main fuel source to be
able to run a conventional engine and
run it on water and do it and equal or
supersede the performance uh of a a car
running on gasoline or diesel fuel. Many
people do not realize that when you run
a car or truck on either gasoline or
diesel fuel, you're actually running
them on hydrogen. And all we're doing is
using the hydrogen from water. And under
the National Bureau of Standards figures
shows that when you use water, the
energy release is roughly two and a half
times more powerful than that of
gasoline. So water is a very powerful
fuel. And all you needed to do was solve
the answers of number one producing the
hydrogen economically, controlling it on
demand, being able to adjust the burn
rate of hydrogen and gas to coequal the
fossil fuels and the third one was to be
able to transport it without spark
ignition. And we've solved all of these
problems on the design engineering. And
of course, the water fuel injector, as
I've shown you, now gives us the
abilities to uh transport the water
directly to the fuel injector, which is
now going into the voltage zones, which
now is performing the the electrical
polarization process that goes and
triggers the hydrogen fracturing
technology, but it's doing it inside the
engine. So we all know that natural
water um is very stable and therefore it
becomes a very fail safe operable system
as we pointed out earlier.
Yeah, we talked about that. Yeah. Yeah.
So in a system engineering approach uh
in mass production, it looks like we can
translate and reduce the systems
approach down to a unit that cost
roughly $1,500 per vehicle.
uh for trucks it will be slightly larger
than that uh below $5,000 it looks like
uh we'll be able to reach the economics
to it and using ordinary natural water.
You add nothing to the water. You don't
process the water in any way. Now here's
another uh feature to the system that
everybody asks me about is what happens
uh to the water in the winter time. Does
it freeze up? Well, part of our
technology was in the areas of
development what we call a steam
resonator. Now since the unlike atoms
take on opposite electrical charges, we
simply use another part of our
technology to restrict the amps voltage
to take over and therefore we agitate
the water molecules which in turn
generates kinetic energy which in turns
heats the water. Now this is phenomenal
in the fact we consume very little
electrical energy in order to heat the
water. So uh there are very far ranging
advantages and features to the
technology ranging even in the areas
that we now have a way of using voltage
and by switching off uh amplow and
dealing with um the environmental
control areas. We're developing uh the
technology in areas of deselination of
salt water. Whenever you have a free and
abundant energy source like water uh
it's only limited to the imagination to
put it to work. This technology is very
applicable to deselination of the
saltwater handling of toxic waste
chemicals by high pulse voltage
frequency and restrict the amps. We now
can separate the molecular structure of
toxic chemicals and render them useless
and safe. It also takes us to the
technology uh of combining unlike atoms
that here therefore was not uh possible
under the natural state of coalent
linkup. Uh this led us to the
development of the EPG electrical
generator technology uh where we're able
to magnif uh manufacturer magnetize gas
that exists at room temperature and
enhance the electromagnetic field
without increasing mass. So our
technology from since the time of the
era of embargo has been very farreaching
to give us a comprehensive energy source
that we literally can use anywhere into
the economies and move in a bilateral
movement throughout the economies of the
world uh to bring an energy source in
and as I pointed out earlier uh the
pending energy crisis that's being will
confront us very quickly uh we literally
have the ability now of engineering
systems engineering it to mass
production very very quickly and
hopefully be able to stem him off uh
this imminent energy crisis that's that
is now occurring. A lot of people are
not aware of that Kuwait produces or
manufactures the majority of aviation
fuel for the world and it's anticipated
uh as pointed out earlier that it's
possible as much as 20% drop in aviation
fuel uh may occur within 6 to 8 months.
If that happens then the domino domino's
effect will occur and we'll start to
trigger an an energy system uh an energy
shortage throughout the world. The same
conditions that happen in the United
States is also occurring in the air
fields where the natural pressure in the
existing uh oil fields are dropping. Uh
the only difference between the US and
the airfields, their their pressure is
dropping three times faster than
occurred in the United States. You just
can't keep pulling the oil out of the
ground and expect it's going to be there
forever. The hourglass effect is
occurring at a more uh faster rate now
on nuclear power plants. China's open
the doors to western technology. 25% of
the population of the world wants the
same goods and services that you and I
have been enjoying and that uh the
industrial base cannot cannot be
maintained or expand without the supply
and utilization of energy of which we
have very little fossil fuel left. So
it's imperative that that we developed a
technology that we can move very quickly
and of course water was the answer to it
uh because water is a very free and
abundant energy source and so this
technology has led us to the abilities
of harnessing and using the water uh in
this particular way which we call the
water fuel cell technology.
Could you give an indication of the
amount of energy stored in a gallon of
water compared to a barrel of oil for
instance? Yes. uh as I pointed out
earlier when you separate the hydrogen
oxygen gases and go into the gas
ignition process uh its energy uh
releases roughly 2 and a half times that
of gasoline. Now note the reference is
not two and a half times that of
fingernail poly, it's two and a half
times that of gasoline. But in the
hydrogen fracturing technology, we have
uh developed a technology as the Lord
has shown me that by igniting the
hydrogen oxygen gases and setting up a
condition by which the uh water molecule
is prevented to form then we now can tap
into a very higher energy yield. And as
a result of this uh the hydrogen
fraction technology shows that we can
release energy up to beyond 2.5 million
barrels of oil per gallon of water and
do it safely.
And as I had shown you earlier, we are
now preparing this technology uh to be
retrofitted directly to a jet commander
uh which we plan not only to fly around
the world non-stop around the equator
but turn 90° and go from the north and
south pole. So it's a tremendous amount
of energy source and what we've done is
found a a triggering process to allow us
to release this tremendous amount of
energy and do it safely. So it gives us
the ability to not only uh sustain and
maintain the economies of the world but
also give us the abilities to uh handle
the environmental pollution problems at
the same time. We can't keep putting CO2
in the air and expect that the energy
level is going to be there even for our
plants. And uh we all talk about the
greenhouse effect but very few people
come up with a viable answer to it and
the water fuel cell technology gives us
the ability. You get us
can you can you explain the your driving
force behind spending all this money and
energy developing something like this
has cost you about 10 years of your
life. Can you explain why you're doing
all this and what really drives you to
keep Well, I uh I did an analysis during
the Arab embargo uh as to what actually
occurred. I didn't pay any attention to
the political leaders as to why we had
an energy problem and I realized that
without a new free and abundant energy
source to come into the world economy
very quickly then the world economy uh
could collapse. So uh as a scientist uh
I have a very diversified background
from research development, product
development, engineering and corporate
entrepreneuring. And when I realized uh
the problem that was confronting us, I
went into my office laboratory and as a
scientist I had always believed that
there was an existence of God. It was
mathematically impossible that we had
derived ourselves in swamcast. If you
got to have a lot of faith, you have to
you have to have a lot of faith to
believe in evolution. And so I went in
my office laboratory and I said, "God, I
love my country. It's the greatest
country in the world. If you'll help me
put a power supply in the country, I'll
do anything that uh you want me to do.
And subsequently, I was like Paul on on
the road to Damascus. I didn't know the
Lord, but once he revealed himself to
me, uh subsequently, I was filled with
the Holy Spirit. And I've been
exercising the power and authority of
the word of God uh bringing this
technology in. And many people ask me
about uh do I fear my life? I have
learned the power of angels and I've
been protected in trying to bring this
technology in. The ultimate objective is
not only to stabilize the economies of
the world but uh if we realize any funds
from the technology
uh it will go into world evangelization.
You see as a scientist once truth is
shown to me truth is truth and of course
I got what I wanted a ticket to go to
heaven. I got filled with the Holy
Spirit and so as a scientist uh truth is
truth and I have a responsibility just
as I have a responsibility to the water
fuel cell technology to try to bring it
out into the world. I also have the
responsibilities to relate the truth of
the word of God uh not only to the guy
uh to the next door neighbor or the guy
down the block but also relate that
truth of that knowledge to uh every
person in the world if I possibly can do
it. So the ultimate objective of the
water fuel cell technology really is to
help set the financial base of capable
of evangelizing the world. Now, this is
there's a difference between spiritual
knowledge and worldly knowledge. And you
can't go to the world system and ask
them to help evangelize the world and
spread the gospel. Uh but you can go to
a world system and give them a cheap uh
power supply that's so economically
they'll save them economically and then
those funds will go into the world
evangelization. So, uh the water fuel
cell technology really the ultimate
objective is to accomplish the task of
evangelizing the world uh by giving the
financial abilities to do so. And that's
my prime that's my ultimate and prime
objective. The water fuel cell will give
us the abilities to do this.
Well, if you notice on my logo, you'll
see Job 38:22 and 23. And this is where
the Lord is talking to Job. And he asks
Job this question. He says, "Have you
considered the treasures of snow? Or
have you considered the traces of hell
which I have reserved against the time
of trouble against battle and war? Now
the interpretation of the scriptures are
as follows. Is not snow the most
beautiful part about water? That no one
snowflake looks exactly the same as that
of another. The treasures of snow is the
characteristic and knowledge of water.
The Lord knew that in fact that we would
have and reach a very critical point in
our history that since we went on
dependency of fossil fuels that that
poss the flow of fossil fuels uh may be
disrupted and as a result the Lord
specified that this knowledge of water
would come out of time of great trouble
but he also specified that the knowledge
would come out prior to two events.
Okay. Now that we've uh now that you've
heard how the thing functions, you
explained your background why you are
working on this thing. Uh what do you
think of possible applications and where
do you think this this device can be
applied in what scale and what's the
amount of energy we can get out of it?
Like you talked before about converting
cars uh commercial airplanes. Uh is
there any other application you think
of? Oh yes. Not only uh is this
technology applicable for all modes of
transportation uh but it also has
application in industrial processes uh
during the air embargo I was called in a
meeting in Columbus Ohio with the
industrial leaders and Columbus gas
system informed us that our gas was
being cut off 100%. uh what actually
were telling us that we were going out
of business and I saw some of the most
richest and most powerful industrial
leaders of the state popping pills and I
thought they were going to have heart
attacks because basically without energy
you can't make a product if you can't
make a product you can't make profit if
you can't make profits you cannot pay
your bills so result the bigger you are
the harder you fall the faster that uh
you would go in economic uh uh
bankruptcy so it's imperative that this
technology not only be uh developed for
the uh transportation areas but also to
apply to industrial applications uh to
be able to give energy uh the technology
and hydrogen fracturing technology that
gave us the abilities to go in and to
protect the military integrity of the
western world. So this technology is
applicable not only in those areas but
uh for example during the Arab embargo
uh our Navy task force did not have the
fuel and so as we have the abilities now
to go on the maritime applications
literally run the ships off of water uh
as a main fuel source and at the same
time using the application is cleaning
up our environment and preventing from
the CO2 and the contaminants uh that go
in the air. So we can move this
technology bilateral in every aspect of
the economy and do it very very quickly.
And so that led us leads us now into the
fact that we have been developing this
technology uh for mass production. And
so once uh we finalize debugging of the
pre-engineering unit, then we're going
to translate it into a very
cost-effective uh system uh by taking
the technology into microchip technology
and plastic mold injection technology
allows us now to move this type of
technology very quickly. Matter of fact,
one master mold uh set uh can produce
over 11,000 units every 24 hours. that
gives us abilities now to move in a
bilateral movement but to get the energy
source throughout the entire world
quickly. uh if u if the oil is shut off
uh to us either by war or by some other
methods um a lot of people do not
realize Saddan has the viral germ
through genetic restructuring that if he
uses it one it lives off the bacteria of
air and water and even of oil and if he
uses this uh it's possibly that the oil
could be contaminated very quickly and
if that is so then every country in the
world would be faced of shutting off the
flow of oil to each of their countries
now without the supply of fossil fuels
within 180 to 240 days thereafter about
1.5 billion people will be facing
starvation very very quickly uh because
we need that flow of energy in order to
maintain the industrial bases of the
world. So we've designed the technology
to be very flexible to use every segment
of the economy and do it very quickly.
So we're all in the same boat and what
we're doing is illustrating that yes the
technology is viable here. here. We do
have a viable technology that we now can
use water as a fuel source because water
is a very free and abundant uh fuel
source, but it's going to take you and I
and the guy down the street and the
people in each country to bring this
technology uh into the marketplace to
stabilize our countries. And so as a
result, we are uh developed it uh under
the KISS method, keep it simple, stupid
to comply with the law of economics that
the guy who could the cheapest way is
going to win out. So by decentralizing
the mass production of the system and
and and the fabrication of the system
and decentralize the installation of the
system then we should be able to move in
a bilateral movement throughout uh all
the countries of the world to get this
type of technology into their countries
to stabilize their their economic base.
uh if the oil is cut off by these means
or it simply is being cut off by a lack
of supply of oil that's now showing uh
is the same natural pressure that
dropped in the airfields as I pointed
out a little earlier is also occurring
in the North Sea the North Sea uh
pressure has dropped by one/3 so we all
need the energy and so therefore I feel
it's going to take the people of the
world to come together and the leaders
of the of the each country to come
together in one accord in order to allow
this type of technology to go on to
stabilize their econom eomic basis in
each each respective country. Do you
have any time scale for mass production
set up yet? And second, do you have any
organization or you planning an
organization international or Yes, we
are. I'm negotiating with many uh
leaders of different countries of the
world. Uh but the ultimate objective is
to mobilize mobilize the masses of the
people uh in order to bring it in. this
is the only way that that that can come
in and uh so as we finalize our
debugging of the system uh and take it
into mass production areas, we can do
this by simply turning the technology
over to many many uh fabricators and
people who have certain skills uh in the
machining areas or mass production areas
that would allow this type of technology
to be produced very quickly.
Thanks very much for this interview. Oh,
my pleasure. We appreciate it very much.
Thank you. You're welcome.
I see your red light. Focus. How to
focus it on.
Okay. Stanley, can you give us some idea
about the size of a conversion kit for a
car for instance? Uh we see this all
this electronics sitting there, but I
guess this is not going to be part of a
future upgrade kit for a car, is it? No.
Basically what this was a
pre-engineering unit in order to satisfy
the US code of operability on section 35
section 101 and it was uh developed uh
as pre-engineering to uh show the
operability of all the different
operational parameters of water fuel
cell but in actuality the entire
technologies you see here is really
reduced down to the water fuel cell
injectors you see right here. This this
is the only thing that's needed for
upgrading a car or is there anything
else involved? No. uh the water fuel
cell injector which replaces the the
conventional spark plug in and an
internal combustion engine. This is
hooked up to a water tank. Basically, if
you have a plastic fuel tank in your
car, you simply drain out the the
gasoline, flush it out, fill it up with
fresh water. Then then uh uh the water
fuel cell injector now allows the water
to be uh transferred. uh the system
approach allows the water to be to go in
to the injector which is now being
processed to release the thermal
exposure energy from hydrogen. The
second part is hooked up to it is what
we've referred to here again as the gas
processor that's ionizing the gas to
allow it to come in. So basically in
retrofit all we're doing is simply
tapping off the exhaust gases from the
conventional engine. We're now using the
gas processor to utilize the ambient air
to ionize the gases which is now mixing
with the water which now converts it to
water fuel. We're allowing the water
fuel to go into the into the injector
that's now uh plugged into our uh
replaces your spark plug and allows the
engine now to run off the thermal
explosion engine from hydrogen. So
basically all we're doing is taking the
gas uh gasoline out of the tank, fill it
up with water. We now uh replace the
spark plug with the water fuel cell
injector. And we now hook a small little
miniaturized computer which controls and
meter mixes the gases going in the
engine to allow uh the engine to uh
accelerate and de accelerate. So the
installation is a quite a very small
lightweight uh compact electronic uh
control system. Okay. Now the
distributor is that going to be the
same? Can you use the same distributor
or do you have a modified version or is
there anything additional to it? Can you
explain? We do. We uh we do modify the
uh distributor as it's shown over here.
Uh we simply take off the conventional
gas tank uh gas rotor cap out of
conventional engine and we put the laser
distributor uh in between the the uh
distributor assembly and the cap. And
this now sends the signals to the uh
computer system which will really be uh
composite of several IC ch IC or
integrated circuit chips that
miniaturaturizes the the hydrogen
computer system.
This whole hydrogen stuff isn't
extremely explosive in the car. Is there
any danger involved? What's the safety
aspect of it all? No, we have actually
solved the problem. Uh there's no
storage of hydrogen whatsoever. The
water goes into the injector which now
allows it to go into a high pulse
voltage zone which performs electrical
polarization process. So the water is
only converted into thermal explosive
energy as it enters the injector. So the
thermal explosive energy is now
occurring inside the engine. So the
electronic system is designed to
regulate and control the explosion of
the energy which now coequals that of
gasoline. So it's a tremendously
failsafe operable system. Okay. So it's
safe. It's a small system. Yes. Uh what
about maintenance of the car engine
itself? Uh do I need more maintenance?
Is it different? Um is there anything do
I have to modify anything on the
maintenance schedule? No, just keep the
same maintenance as you you have it. Uh
since you're releasing thermal explosive
energy into the engine and you're
co-equaling the the burn rate of
gasoline, then there's very little
maintenance. Uh if there is uh any
maintenance at all. Uh we developed the
uh technology years ago that we could
really impregnate the cylinder walls uh
of the engine with teflon and we can
even uh impregnate treat the bearings
and literally run an engine off of uh
off of the teflon and eliminate the oil.
Uh if that occurs then you can use a
product something like slick 50 in the
engine uh if you would need it. But the
wear factor since it's a very clean
burning fuel. Hydrogen is a very clean
burning fuel. Then uh the engine uh oil
is not contaminated under the uh the old
method of running on gasoline or diesel
fuel. So it's extremely clean burning
fuel.
Are we on?
Yeah. The red temper.
Questionly, what what about the valves
in the engine? The pistons don't the
pistons burn out because there's no
lubrication of the of the lead or any
any other additives to the usual gas?
Now, the valves, you know, have been
designed very recently to operate off of
non-leted gasoline. And since we use the
exhaust gases to cycle back in to
modulate the burn rate of hydrogen gas,
as we now control the burn rate to
coequal gasoline, then the engine
temperature and operations are are
duplicating the same thing on gasoline
or diesel fuel. So, you don't change the
engine in any way. And this allows us
now to retrofit the water fuel cell
technology to any uh uh existing engine.
And that's very important because it now
gives us ability uh that we can
stabilize transportation as we talked
about before if the energy is cut off.
Okay. So now the accelerator can still
keep the same mechanical accelerator or
do you have a new device for that as
well? Yes, we developed over here come
along.
We've developed the uh what we call a
laser accelerator as you see right here
that um simply is attached to the
accelerator pedal and it trans uh as you
press the pedal down the gas pedal down
it displaces the um
mechanical displacement into electrical
impulses which now is fed into the micro
miniaturized computer electronics. So
this gives us the abilities now to
control the acceleration. This type of
technology uh has given us the abilities
to equal or supersede the performance of
acceleration de acceleration on
conventional uh cars that's running on
gasoline or diesel fuel. So the the
hydrogen uh being two and a half times
more powerful than gasoline gives us a
tremendous amount of performance over
the prior state-of-the-art. It runs very
smoothly and uh uh it it has a very
unusual sensation. Generally when you're
running a a car on gasoline you have
this kind of a pause but when you're
running on hydrogen the way we're doing
it it's a tre it's a constant
acceleration. So it's a it's a extremely
very fast responding uh fuel source
that's coming from water hydro. So
you're claiming that performance is
equal or better as a normal gasoline
car. Oh yes definitely. It'll even start
up quicker. Uh in the in the winter
time, you're dealing with a liquid
gasoline or liquid diesel fuel and you
have problems in starting. Uh in cold
weather, you don't freeze uh you don't
freeze uh gas uh gas atoms and uh so by
converting the water into instant energy
uh gives us ability to start the engine
very very quickly.
When you start an engine in the morning,
for instance, uh how long does it take
before you can drive away? Oh, it's it's
in an instantaneous startup uh
immediately when pulse voltage frequency
hits the the water uh it converts it to
the gas which now produces a thermal
explosive energy. So, it's an instant
it's an instant type of start. The
electronic uh circuit interfacing gives
us the abilities to control and meter
the amount of water that's going in on
the start condition as as opposed on a
run condition. So the computer
automatically adjustes between the start
condition and the uh and the run
condition. So electronically we have the
abilities to adjust for these parameters
and uh the same as a conventional car we
also have the abilities to adjust for
different ambient air conditions uh
going from sea level up into the
mountain ranges. So automatically the
electronic circuitry design gives us the
abilities to adjust these parameters to
give us a very smooth operational uh
performance.
But uh what about air pressure? I mean
when you go up high in in the mountain
you don't use uh ambient air so it has
no improvements on the performance of
the car. No. Uh if you come over here um
here we have a a part uh a device is a
metal bellows which now allows uh to
control the amount of ambient air going
into the engine of the car. And this
automatically allows us to regulate uh
the ambient air pressures going from sea
level up into the mountain areas. So
electronically these uh uh solenoids you
see here are have sensors that
automatically uh senses the amount of
ammun pressures and they're
automatically electronically adjusted to
compensated for difference of air
pressure. So this allows us now to give
us tremendous good performance uh going
from sea level right on up into the into
the high mountain regions.