I'm just going to adjust
this. gives you a good example of what
the range of the accelerator control is.
We're adjusting this signal for about
100% down to about the 10% range. And
this shows what the range of
the accelerator is. You'll notice how
nice and even and smooth it is. And now
it gives us a signal that converts the
mechanical
pedal, the driving pedal, gas pedal to
the U injector. And this signal right
here represents the on time of the
injector. You'll notice that I that the
on time can increase and decrease and
it's a very sharp, very nice pulse that
controls the injectors. Now, this is the
Okay, this is the injector block right
here. You'll see the injectors are
sitting here and here. And this is what
the injector looks like. It sits right
in here. And basically this the uh gas
was will be coming into the device from
this side. Comes into here through the
injector down into the porting or the
input of the engine itself. If you'll
notice, if you listen to the sound, you
can hear the injector speed
up, that's equivalent to running the car
about 60 m an hour right
now. And we have plenty of dynamic range
because we can adjust the ranges of that
injector. These injectors are really
going strong.
right here. If you put your finger on
the end of it, you can feel the
injectors. They turn just
running very very fast right
now is the accelerator control. And what
this does is converts the
mechanical movement of the gas pedal to
an electrical signal which is brought
into the system here which controls the
injection. So basically as you would
turn this device
uh which would be controlling the
signals uh you'll notice
that it would also be controlling the
injectors has the same function.
So this device right here is the um
conversion between the gas pedal to an
electrical signal which controls the
inject time of the
injectors. All right. What I wanted to
show you here was uh this is kind of a
pre-engineering model that allows us to
develop the electronics and the controls
for the car and then eventually all of
this will be uh shrunken down into a
very small package using LSI
technology. Essentially what we're
seeing on the packages here is we have a
power supply unit here which actually
regulates the battery voltage uh to a
consistent level. This particular two
modules here you see is is associated
with the distributor. You'll notice you
can see the lights as they go around.
Basically that is the distributor
firing. This particular unit is set up
for a fourcylinder car but can also
operate a six-cylinder car. You'll
notice that we have two select switches
here. These switches right here allows
us to switch between gasoline for an
operating mode and then switch over to
the water as an operating mode. This is
so that we can test the differences
between the two. These four modules
right here basically are the injectors.
They in control the injector itself.
Right here uh we have both uh manual
controls. All the switches in a down
position is for manual control and all
the switches in the up position is for
automatic control. This particular
module right here is the accelerator
module. This module controls all of the
injectors
uh
simultaneously. This particular module
right here is a gated module that
controls the gated pulses and frequency
to the wider cells themselves. We can uh
actually turn all the cells off and on
by this switch or go to a manual control
where we can adjust the uh energy that
the cell is using and its output by this
control. This is the master generator.
Everything in the circuitry basically is
using digital technology. Uh we do
convert it to analog where we have to uh
for the accelerator control. Over here
we have a uh an alarm module. This uh
module will uh give us an over speed
trip if the pack goes too high. If we
have high pressure, low oil or high
temperature. And in some cases we put a
jar switch on there so that it like the
ND500 that is a requirement. This module
here is our tachometer module. Basically
what happens here is if we increase our
speed to a level this run light will go
out. You'll notice that you can see the
lights flashing much much
faster and we can get to a
point. Let me back it off here. I'll
slow it back down. Switch a range.
All right. Now,
we're starting to increase our
attack. All right, let me take the
inhibit off. We'll put it back into the
trip mode and you'll actually see it
shut
down. And there's where the engine would
have gone into an oversp speed condition
and we shut the electronics off.
Therefore allowing the safe operation
car. We have an alarm light on. We're
sitting at a high tack. We had an over
speed trip. If I bring the system back
down allow back
in. We have all of these alarms set up
to protect the
unit. Jo is taking the cell driver
circuit as you see right here. And we're
going now to interface this with the
voltage intensifier circuit. And
basically what will happen is that a
unipore pulse train is now entered into
the voltage intensifier circuit. And as
this happens, this switching diode will
now allow the uh this coil to be
energized which is now hooked to the
capacitor which is a resonant cavity and
it forms a resonant charging choke. And
basically what takes place is that this
charging choke here will be energized
and it's a magnetic field. now will
restrict the amp flow, allow voltage to
take over and as a result we'll be able
to produce a tremendous amount of energy
uh hydrogen gas from water on demand.
One of the pieces that we're
retrofitting to the car is that I have
my hand on right now is what we call a
light gate or it's a device that fits
right on top of the distributor.
Essentially what happens is we remove
the distributor cap and we put this
device in between and essentially what
it does is it takes the rotation of the
engine converts it to electrical signal
so that we can control the
injectors. This is a part of the light
guide that fits onto the system and we
actually set it on the shaft. Rotate it
till we get the right calibration and
then put the the distributor cap and its
rotor back onto the system and we're all
set. This is a retrofit for
converting. Okay. Now, as you mentioned
earlier, we'll take the the light guides
to sit here. All right. And then boy,
that went on pretty good, didn't it? And
that shield will go top. And of course,
we'll insert the rudder cap.
And now we'll just go ahead and insert
the distrib.
Okay. Now that'll be pretty good.
Where's your lock down
at now? Now what we're going to do now
is that this is going to be replaced
with this airgate as you see right here.
Okay. So that's going to regulate. I
better turn it upright. And that'll
regulate our air going in. Does this
come off like this? Yeah, it'll take
off. Yeah, I want to do that. Now, this
will be, see the air gate now will be
hooked to the acceler accelerator, the
laser accelerators we have here, you
know, that's hooking to your computer
system. All right. You're going to take
this rod, you can hook it right up here,
right? Yeah. And that'll be that'll be
for acceleration control. Now, this is
going to be our feedback, our exhaust
feedback control, which sits right in
here. And that'll regulate now the
exhaust gases going back into the
injectors which in
turn here's our injectors. Okay. And so
our our exhaust gases are going to go
back into the injector and that'll
regulate the burn rate of the hydrogen
going into the engine. So we'll adjust
the hydrogen burn rate to coequal the
gasoline uh as we've demonstrated. Okay.
Piece right here then. Yeah. This is
where the regulator is going to be
exhaust regulators. Now, this uh this
injector replaces this manifold as you
see right here. Okay? And so, it'll seat
down in there and then uh you'll have
the ambient air going to a gas uh uh the
hydrogen gas guns, which now will go
into the injector systems themselves.
Okay. All right. What I'm going to do is
adjust the uh we've got the injectors
operating right here and this is the
inject time that we're seeing on the
oscilloscope. And I can adjust the rate.
Ah, good. That means uh now we know, you
know, now the engine is specifically
being set to cause the transmission to
run around 3,000 RPM. That's good. You
know, regardless of the uh gear that
we're going to be in. Okay, that's
now that's like the car running about
100 miles an hour. You'll notice here
that this pulse here is the
inject. This is the first injector and
that's the second injector. So, what
you're seeing here and the sound that
you're hearing is is actually the
injectors operating at that speed. Now,
if you go about 3,000 RPM, I expect it
to be something like that. Okay. So, the
laser distributor now is just going to
be triggering this That's right. They're
going to be triggering this so that uh
those injectors are going to be firing
right on the right on dead center. Yeah.
Let me hook up the distributor and then
just hook this up right here and we'll
get the same response from the pulse
with right here that we have. And see, I
can adjust the pulse with
uh by either going in a manual mode or
in automatic mode. And in this case, I
can go uh you notice how I can adjust
the
injector. See how pulse is going smaller
and larger. I'll bring over here. You
can see it better. It's going smaller
and larger. That's controlling the
injector as the gas went into. You know,
I really like those pulsa speakers.
They're very, very clean. They're very
sharp. That means our our computerized
computer is going to be very, very good
in our Oh, yeah. The signals are really
good. Uh they're nice and clean. And uh
I don't there's no problem. You see, as
long as it switches up to high and low,
a very sharp rise time and fall time,
you're not dissipating any energy. Uh,
basically, uh, all the electronics
either turns on and turns off. So,
power-wise, this is the most efficient
because it is digital. It's not sending
an analog to
light. Let's hook up the distributor and
just rotate the engine because I want to
see what it looks like with the same P.
Just testing to see if all the injectors
are firing. And they are in. They are
firing. The I'm actually turning it
manually. Watch it fire. Okay. And you
can see right here, this one has an
injector. That has an injector. That has
Now, I'm going to turn it the way the
car normally
runs.
Okay. So, we got injector here,
here, here, here, and here. Okay.
They're just come in the field of view
right here. There. Saw it. Mhm. That'll
come in one more
time. Getting ready to Now, boy, those
optics, that optics on the laser
distributor is really beautiful, isn't
it? Oh, yeah.
there. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
What I wanted to show you was we have
the injectors here which is connected to
the electronics. The new module that we
have right here is the cell driver
itself and this is the high voltage
intensifier circuit that is being
interfaced to the water cell itself. And
essentially what we're doing here is
that we are controlling the energy going
into the cell. You will notice here that
the pulses
um are changing the number of pulses
that the cell um is using to determine
its power. If you'll notice that the
there's a pulse train that is fed into
the cell and that is directly related to
energy. And as I decrease the
accelerator, I can decrease the number
of pulses that the system sees up here.
This particular signal is the signal
that's fed into the injectors. If you
listen to the
injectors, you will hear and see that
this pulse width gets larger and larger.
And what this pulse is, you notice as
I'm decreasing it, would decrease the
injector time. The clicking that you
hear is a physical injector turning on
and off. If you want to listen to all
the
injectors that was the all four of the
injectors firing at a synchronous rate.
Now one of the features about the new
power cell is that driver for the cell
which we call a uh the driver and then
the intensifier circuit is that we can
control the energy that goes directly
into the cell and we can pick out a
point. Then we have an amplitude
control. That would be where the signal
adjusts in the amplitude. And then we
can control the pulse train that's being
fed to the cell. So we can precisely
control the energy into the cell based
upon the needs of the running of the
car. In other words, you'll notice that
the injector
pulse, note here that the injector pulse
is increasing in size. And we can
determine the number of pulses that the
system will be using for the cell as
well as lower the amplitude of the pulse
which now says we can precisely provide
enough energy to the cell to give us
enough gas to run the automobile. So
it's very efficient uh in the respect
that we're putting in very little energy
into the cell to produce the enough gas
to operate
down.
Um, in the case of a a manual setup, we
can also adjust the system manually so
that we can determine
the
frequency that's fed into the
cell. Here you see that the the
injectors are running. This would be
about
110 115 miles an hour. And that's just
one injector. If we turn on the rest of
them
um I don't think I want to be in a car
when it's running that fast. It's a
little bit too fast in my book. All
right. But the case in point that we
want to make out is that the signal
that's going into the cell, this here,
we can control its energy. We can
control the amplitude of the signal
going into the cell as well as change
the uh control the number of pulses or
the pulse strength uh into the cell. We
have
You'll notice here that I've changed to
show you here that we are setting in a
burst of energy into the cell where
we're having a pulse train. They're
gated on for uh several pulses and then
off. The off time represents the time
that the cell would be off. This would
represent the energy. And as we do our
adjustments to the system, you can
actually see that the pulses are the
pulse train is actually decreasing,
which would represent an energy decrease
in the cell at this particular point.
You'll notice that we can adjust it so
that we have one pulse going into the
cell for a given period of time. So as
we increase our demands on the cell as
needed, we can adjust this pulse train
to give us the energy into the
cell. This would be example all all the
way out to uh just about full that would
be full
100%. This would start to reduce back to
10%. Now the interesting thing about the
pulse trains are again if I adjust the
amplitude of the system you'll notice
that the amplitude also decreases. So I
can control the frequency of the pulse
and the amplitude of the pulse train
going into the water cell here. Again,
this pulse over here represents the
injectors firing at their rate. In this
case, the car would be running in an eye
condition. So this is what it would
sound like if it
was. This is what it would sound like if
we were
running about 60 miles an hour.
You can see here again that this would
be like 60 mph. This would be your pulse
train. And you can see that I can
control the
amplitude of the energy going into the
cell by the pulse train. You can see as
I adjust this, you can see the pulse
strings that are fed into the cell. So
essentially what we've done is we've
taken electronics now gone from the
accelerator itself into the accelerator
card that now comes over to the voltage
intensifier.
Yeah, it'll start flickering up for
Just a little bit more.
Damn
there.
Three and a
half. Three and a half.
Now I can get really ramp up.
Thank
you. How's that?
All
right. Put all
this
connection
really lock it down.
Now, what about for your
control? Control is one of the things
Now this we're working up pretty good.
Okay. So now what we're going to do is
go for the VIP. We'll put it here.
VIP
Yeah. because it'll balance it out when
you pull the exhaust out of here.
Yeah. Okay. All right. Now, if uh I can
go ahead and adjust this. See, when we
loosen this up. Yeah. I'll pull it back
for there. Okay.
Okay. All right. Let me let me help you
on this.
Is this loose now?
Oh, it's not.
Think we can get one of those things to
put on there so we can adjust it right
underneath. I think that's the way. So
we don't have too much
room here.
It has to be a very short one. Yeah.
Yes. When we
Yeah.
Okay. Tell you
what right there.
Yeah. Turn around and smile
at. Okay. Now, so this is
kill you want to kill the whole system.
Put this right here. All right. So the
rest of it
and this one
we need to emergency shut off. This is
going to go to the
gas like today is a VIC unit. This is
the VIC cabinet itself. And you'll
notice that the way this is designed is
that we have the channels that plug in
and we have up to 11 channels that plug
into the VIC unit. Now the power and the
control signals are controlled by this
panel over here on the right. We have an
onoff switch and this is the jack that
controls the gating signal from the GMS
unit that goes into each of these
channels itself. And then this connector
itself goes off to the water fuel cell.
The main power from the batteries uh is
connected here at this location. The
unit that you see here in front of me is
one of the cards that we're just now
currently testing. We're just about
ready to complete our testing on this
card. Uh what we're doing right now is
turning the card on and we've been
testing uh each part of the circuitry to
make sure that it performs to our uh our
requirements. One of the things that uh
we are doing during the testing of the
cards is we have a a system in here. If
you can hear the frequency and look at
the oscilloscope, you will see that we
have a scanning frequency. What happens
is we are scanning the water fuel cell
so that we can find the resonant point
at which the system will lock onto. Now
under normal operation with the cell
being attached to the VIC unit, we would
do the scanning. You'll notice that this
level is going down, then back up, down,
and back up. You'll notice that the
frequency is getting higher and lower,
and then goes back up high again. And
that's actually we're scanning the water
cell. And when we hit the right point,
it will lock on and maintain that level.
Now, what you see on the cards here is
that we have a blinking light, which is
the oscillator on. That tells us that
we're actually controlling the frequency
is being produced. We have a cell on
light that would indicate that the cell
is actually on and performing its
function. Then we also have a lock light
so that when it does capture that reser
frequency, the light will be on
indicating that we're locked on the
water cell. We're in resin and we're
producing the gas. You'll notice the
switches here across the top. We have
the capabilities of turning the unit
completely on or completely off or turn
each individual cell on and off. And
typically on the automobile, we're
forecasting that we're going to use
maybe this component right here. We're
going to solder this component into the
circuit right here. Now, when we're
finished with the car, take the car,
plug it into the heat sink like this.
when that is plugged in like that. Okay.
Then uh that will be able to test this
card out. So let's go ahead and solder
this component right into that resistor.
All right.
Yeah. Yeah. And now this component that
you just soldered, okay, in here will
set up the frequency for this heat sink.
Now we're all set with this card. We can
now plug this card into the VIC
unit. You clean up the wiring in this
thing. You know, use your tool and you
can move these wires in the right spot.
Okay. Okay. Old you take the unit that
uh VIC card that we had right here that
we were testing. Put all those cards in
there and then you put the heat sinks
from the back. And then what you do is
put the unit in like
this. All right.
in. And all you have to do is take the
cap, put the cap on like that, put these
three screws in. We got
it. See that? Like
that. Put it like right here. Like
this. You know, it comes off like this.
You can put it over like that. This
exposes the channels and this makes it
look really nice. Now these switches are
the ones we turn power on. So I can turn
this cell on there. I turn these four
cells on. The rest of these cells are
off. All the other switches will give me
the this is itself. I think it looks
like a nice unit. It's mounted very
rigidely and strong and it uh turn this
power on here. Okay. Now you do your
reset. Reset it here. And now the water
fuel cell is running and oscillating.
Okay. you go in a manual mode or on a
manual mode. Now, this cable, the EIC is
connected here, see it comes right up to
this point right here. So, when this
unit's on and you wire to generate the
the gas from the water when you turn
this unit on, okay, each one of these,
whatever's turned on, will start to scan
and lock in at its residency. And each
one of those things will produce the
gas. This light when it says cell on
means that cell is producing energy. Now
the pressure will build up a little bit
and we'll start putting the gas right
into the motor itself. Removing the uh
removing the uh soldering causing this
unit to turn off. And basically how the
uh the water tank is going to work in
conjunction with the resident cavity is
the water now is going out into the
resident cavity. Then the gases was now
acting as a water pump which causes the
water to go out of the resin cavity now
into this filtering tray which separates
the contaminants and then allows the
water to go back into the resin cavity
uh during g take your uh cursor down to
the diagram that you wanted to work
with. Okay, open it up. All right, then
you that'll display your